text:Mr. Ma, the last time Don visited you, he mentioned some of Germany's safety effects. The incidence of sports halls is very, very low compared to that of the insulin enzyme in Germany, which you tried at your clinic last week.	labels:I've tried one or two before, but I think it has a very low incidence of low blood sugar.
text:Mr. Ma, are you saying that the incidence of low insulin sugar in glycerin is also low?	labels:Yes, because clinically, we rarely see low blood sugar occurring in glycerin, and in outpatient wards very rarely.
text:Yes, it is true that glycerin is also a good base insulin, but the current situation with regard to the use of basic insulin in China is a deficiency in per capita doses, resulting in low compliance rates and insufficient dose adjustment, mainly because of concerns about the incidence of low blood sugar.Although the incidence of low blood sugar is very low, as you said earlier, serious low blood sugar is irreversible for patients, as is the case with flying. Although mechanical accidents on aircraft are very low, we do not want to encounter them, as is the case with severe low blood sugar, which in one case is fatal to the patient, and there is time to show that there is a serious low blood sugar patient and that there is a risk of cardiovascular death, which is 3.8 times higher than the normal absence of low blood sugar risk, while the occurrence of low blood sugar at night increases the patient ' s fear of low blood sugar and, in serious cases, causes the patient to lose or even die at once.Another study, devote, mentioned to you last time by Don, we can reduce the risk of serious metro soup by 40 per cent compared to glycerine, and the risk of severe low blood sugar at night by 53 per cent.	labels:Your study of demo, its severe low blood sugar compared to glyphs, its liquids, its severe low blood sugar incidence at night, is a significant decline, because this data actually makes sense to us.And then I look at it in clinical terms, because it's clinically accurate, and we see that it has a very low incidence of low blood sugar, because it has a similar incidence of basic insulin, and it has a very low incidence of low blood sugar as a whole. And as you told me today, I'm trying to feel it a few more times.
text:Well, thank you, Mr. Wang, that unit will be able to lend you today to resolve your doubts. As we said earlier, like flying, the plane is safe, and the glycerin is safe, but we in Germany can raise the level of safety to a higher level, we can provide our low blood sugar, we have diabetic patients with safe health escorts, and they ask you to try one or two cases at tomorrow's clinic.	labels:Okay, okay, tomorrow I'm in the clinic and if I have the right one, I can look at it on two occasions.
text:I'll see you tomorrow. Thank you, Miss Wang. 	labels:See you.  episode_done:True
text:How do you do, sir? You've come to visit you today. The last time you visited you, you raised the question of the insulin stock, right?	labels:It's because I've told you about this product or about this product that you told me about, and I think it's good, because I'm kind of happy about some new products, but I've got one for you once a day, and he's not 42 hours a day, and he's not gonna believe it. I still have a problem with that, and see if you can give me more details.
text:Okay, Chief, you think that the half-life of insulin may be 24 hours, and you think that there may be low blood sugar if you use it clinically. Yes, Chief. After all, Deguin may have such doubts when you start contact. I'll explain to you today that one of these two aspects is his pharmacodynamics and the other is clinical performance, both of which may explain to you.Can you do that? Yeah. Yeah.	labels:You said that.
text:Okay, here's the thing, actually, we have two aspects of the drug's metabolism in the body, one of its absorbors and the other of its clean-up.Insulin is especially injected under the skin, and the weekend period is mainly reflected in the process of drug absorption and not in the process of internal elimination.Insulin was actually eliminated in the body for only four to six minutes, so the time it worked with insulin in the body was one of its medications, and the half-life of the weekend, as we said, was mainly reflected in its absorption process.You know that whether it's glycerin or insulin, including our latest insulin, it's a long-lived insulin, which is injected under the skin into the body to form a soluble polysulphite, it's half-life over the weekend, it's a mechanism for prolonged half-life in the process of absorption, and it doesn't work under the skin, and it doesn't cause low blood sugar reactions.In fact, from the clinical point of view, first of all, the negative effects of his renewal, which you have just mentioned is a low blood sugar, and in many experiments it can be confirmed, whether it's good for rct or for the real world, that the risk of his low blood sugar occurring is obvious, that there is no difference between the treatment and recovery of low blood sugar below glycerin and glycerin, so that the time it takes to recover is similar, so that although we have a half-life of 20 to 25 hours, we have a similar risk that it will not accumulate in the body after injection.Chief, I don't know if I can explain this.		labels:I think I get it, which means that you insulin say it's a horizontal elimination rate in your body that you're pursuing a first-stage dynamic elimination, right? Then you explain to me how you open it and have some advantages over glutin, right? How much do you borrow for your health insurance now?
text:The Director said that your problem was very good. In fact, we do have a financial interest in the use of our patients. Tegiya Insulin has already been insured. After the new health insurance policy was introduced in January 2020, there was Tegiya Insulin, which is 190, uh, 191.	labels:Right.
text:The fact that he was already insured, and that there was actually no difference in use with other insulin, that glycerin, including Diet, was, after all, a new possibility to enter the health care system, meant that his recognition was still high at all levels.	labels:Do you have any data on clinical use, some evidence or something, or do you have anything on your side that's a sample or something?
text:Yes, you mentioned the samples, and I'd like to see two samples of his insulin here, and I'll bring them to you next time, especially if the glutin is still in control of his glucose failure after we have fully adjusted the dose, so that we can experience the advantages of the glucose, on the one hand, and the information you have, on the other hand, and bring you some of his clinical ST studies, including the real world, for your next reading.Is that all right with you, chief?	labels:Yeah, well, I'll get it when you get it, and then I'll give some patients a trial, and I want to see what's going on.
text:All right, so here's what we do, especially glycerin, for patients like us who haven't had enough blood sugar for more than six months, so we can try it in taco insulin.All right, thank you, Director. I'll be back next Monday.	labels:Well, why don't you bring it over and I'll try it on then, okay?
text:All right, chief.	labels:Good-bye, Director Cheung. Good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:I haven't used the sample I gave you the other day. I was wondering if you've been telling me for 42 hours in Germany, and if you've been fighting once a day, it's not going to yield savings.	labels:Mr. Zhang is very grateful to you for your interest in our country and for your support, and I'm trying to understand what you just said. Are you worried that we've been working for 42 hours, um, once a day, and then causing a low-blood sugar reaction?
text:Yes, if you want to accumulate, you're particularly vulnerable to low blood sugar.	labels:Yes, sir, in response to your question, I would like to communicate with you in a few ways, and I would like to be able to dispel your doubts.
text:First of all, you fear that accumulation is actually a reaction of low blood sugar to the drug, which, according to research from both the rct and the real world, is significantly lower than glycerine, whether it is severe low blood sugar or severe low blood sugar at night. So you don't have to worry about his low blood sugar reaction, and there will be no accumulation in the valley anyway.Second, Deguest insulin, as you know, has a half-life of 25 hours, and the drug half-life is basically divided into absorption half-life and elimination half-life. By insulin injected under the skin, the half-life is essentially a process of drug absorption, rather than a process of drug elimination, which means that one half-life of these 25 hours is mainly a process of under-absorption.You know that the main extension of insulin in our long-acting insulin is reflected in a process of absorption of insulin under its skin. The main extension of insulin under its skin is also formed into a soluble six-polymer long chain, and the insulin in its subsurface storage is virtually non-sugar-reducing, and only when our insulin receptor is inhaled with blood will it become sugar-resistance with the receptor. So when you look at insulin entering the internal blood cycle, the elimination process will not accumulate for only 4-6 minutes.Insulin is followed by the first degree of kinetic elimination, i.e. horizontal elimination, which can be completely metabolized after a single injection of three to five half-lives. And repeated injections of insulin are still in effect, and the amount of insulin in subcutaneous reservoirs and the amount of our inhaled blood is constant or non-accumulative. You can be assured of its use. 	labels:Got it.	episode_done:True
text:The director is busy. You've had a lot of patients today. I'll get you a glass of hot water.	labels:Thank you, Choi.
text:I see that we've been using a lot of glycerin recently. Our company has not produced a new glycerine, which is also a long-lived base insulin. Now that I have brought you a few samples, it's in the National Health Insurance, at a cost similar to that of a reimbursement policy for glycerin, and if a patient who needs to start with insulin can try it, his emptied blood sugar control will be much better than glycerin.	labels:I've heard about Germany. It's like it's low blood sugar risk, right?
text:You're right, Chief. Thank you for your attention to our new drug. All the lct experiments and real world studies on the insulin skin of Devota found that the risk of low blood sugar is significantly lower than that of glyclin.	labels:But we're good with glycerine, we're good with blood sugar, and very few patients have low blood sugar.
text:Knowing that the Director has been on the market for all these years, and indeed that the clinical application is now extensive, you see the study of our biggest real world study in China, oppo, which shows that almost 20,000 patients in the group have an empty stomach of only about 40 per cent, and I think this also represents a general situation in China, where the average dose of basic insulin is 0.18 kilograms of weight, with very few post- and post-visit dose adjustments, I think that people are afraid to adjust doses and fear the occurrence of low blood sugar, so that concerns about low blood sugar can also affect our clinical dose adjustment and thus the efficacy of treatment.	labels:The dosage is too low for low blood sugar, but our patients here are still able to control it.
text:We all have higher standards and more regular management, but with regard to low blood sugar, we must not underestimate its risks, especially severe low blood sugar, and low blood sugar that happens at night when patients are unconscious.Although the incidence of these serious incidents is not high, as is the case with air accidents, it happens occasionally, with severe Earth patients, who are 3.8 times more likely to die from blood-smoking diseases than ordinary patients, with severe blood sugar at night if it occurs or irreversibly, and much less likely to reduce the patient’s expectations of treatment and dependence. Our Devote experiment in Devote in Insulin confirms that serious low blood sugar is occurring in the Valley, with a 40% lower risk than glycerin, and a 53% reduction in the risk of severe low blood sugar occurring at night.The ninth sugar is also related to the Insulin Insulin Review, which is more evenly distributed indoors, reducing the risk of blood sugar fluctuations and reducing the risk of cardiovascular complications among patients.If you look at the same price and reimbursement policy now, you can rest assured that you have some good cases, and we'll ask you to speak to the other doctors at our next meeting.	labels:We'll show you the original version of Devote and some of your relevant experimental information.
text:No problem, chief.text:In addition to the devote experiment that we have just introduced to you, we have an excellent experiment, which is a real world study that shows that even when patients who have used basic insulin, including glyph insulin a configuration, and so on, are converted to the delta valley, the empty stomach will fall further by 1.5 millimores per litre. I will also take a copy of our pkpt, and I say that the day-to-day variability of both day-to-day distribution and sugar treatment is far better than glycine insulin.	labels:Okay, you bring it over next time, okay.
text:Thank you, Director. Don't forget, if there's a need, the basic insulin patient can try to use a sample of Degu. Goodbye, Director.		labels:Goodbye episode_done:True
text:Hello, Chief Cao.	labels:Joo, you're here.
text:I'm here today to see what kind of treatment you usually give to patients whose oral medication is not satisfactory. No.	labels:Usually a basic insulin is added, and then it's done.
text:Just a basic insulin. I can understand that you're a non-conforming patient with oral medication. Is that what you're giving the patient is oral plus basic treatment?	labels:The director is.
text:I'll check again with you. Here's the chief. How's the blood sugar control for this part of the patient?	labels:It's okay.
text:OKAY, OKAY.Chief Cao is okay with this part of the patient. Are you concerned about this part of the patient's blood sugar after your meal?	labels:You see some of the concerns you don't care about, and you mention that some of the patients are actually not very well controlled after dinner.
text:I can understand that some of these patients have poor post-dinner glucose control, and some of them have poor post-dinner glucose control.	labels:If the increase is around 4,34345 or so, that's about it.
text:The increase is quite high, as the Director noted in the clinical guidance for the conversion of a programme following the introduction of insulin into type II diabetes in 2017, where the optimal timing of the poor basic insulin control programme was also an empty three-month period. His patient met the standard, glucated or followed by an artificial target, if the patient had a basic insulin journal of more than 0.4 to 0.6 kg per kilogram, and, as you have just mentioned, some of the patients were more than four times the increase in post-dinner blood sugar, and this guide recommended that the patient be optimized to pre-insulin for every litre equal to 3 millor.Do you agree with the Director?	labels:There's a good plan, too. Can you elaborate on that?
text:In 2017, you also gave a lecture to Mr. Chu, three months after the patient used oral clothing and basics, and three months later, it met the criteria, but you also said that some of the patients had an increase after dinner and were more than 4.For this group of patients, if the patient ' s basic insulin diary is more than 0.4 - 0.6 units per kilogram of body weight, or if the after-food blood sugar increases more than 3 millimil per litre of this group of patients, can you see that the patient ' s oral plus base is optimized to pre-insulin? Do you agree with this?	labels:I'm pretty sure, because I didn't say you hadn't noticed.
text:Yes, thank you very much for your approval of one of the patients of pre-insulin. If there is a patient in your clinic, the blood sugar of the other patient you have just mentioned is greater than 4 millimir per litre, you can choose a patient who can use the oral plus base.	labels:So there's nothing wrong with that. I'd like to try after you're done.
text:Mm-hmm. Okay, thank you very much, Director. Okay.	labels:I'll find out if you're busy.
text:All right, you're busy. I think you've got a lot of patients. I'll see you later.		labels:Bye. episode_done:True
text:Liu, when you said that you had a 42-hour role, I was worried that if he injected it once a day, it would produce a build-up in the body.	labels:Are you worried about the patient's reaction to a low-blood sugar episode in his body, that the patient will use it and then produce an accumulation in his body, and then cause it to react to a low-blood sugar at the next injection, is that what it looks like?
text:There are real concerns about the fact that we are concerned about you being a clinical doctor. So No and Dat's half-life is 20, 24 hours, so let's take a look at it through his pharmacological and pharmacological dynamics, and I'll explain it to you slowly, and sometimes we call it half-life, half-life, and sometimes we call it consumption half-life or plasma half-life in the clinical, and it's a reaction to a stable blood dose, a 50% reduction in the time, right?Then, in fact, we all follow in our bodies a phase-out elimination ratio of primary mechanics, which basically eliminates the basic half-life of three to five units from the body after a single injection. The figure shows you, as you see it, the elimination of one half-life, and when we go back to three to five small half-lives, a dose of insulin stored under its skin is no longer increasing, and the dose of the drug is equivalent to the amount of blood lost from the underskin storage reservoir, thus reaching a steady state.This means that when basic insulin is injected several times and three to five half-lives have reached a steady state, the base of the concentration remains unchanged, meaning that it does not produce an accumulation.So, at the same time, you see the Director through a theory from which we look at the map, the half-life of Nord-Da is about 25 hours, so that when a steady state is reached every day, an insulin is released into the blood, which produces an effective blood concentration and is maintained within the expected range, it also does not give rise to a continuation.And we've done a lot of research in the middle of the clinic, and I know that if insulin is concentrated in the body, the reaction is mostly low blood sugar, right? So we've got a few rct studies, for example, some of them in the real world, whether it's a serious low blood sugar, or a symptomatic low blood sugar at night, including some of the overall low blood sugar, which is much lower than glycerin compared to Rhoda and glycerin, so the Director doesn't know if you have any more doubts about the explanation I've given you for this recollection.text:Okay, I get it. I get it when you say it.	labels:Yes, thanks to the Director, and if you're saying that we're here because No and Da Finance Hospital may also be a new type of insulin, and the teachers' clinical experience is not very good, then if there's a patient in need of it, I'll ask Liu if he has any experience in this area, or if there's any questions about it in the future, why don't you just ask me about my medical consultant in the company or some documents, including some of these intellectual papers, and bring them to the Director?	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mr. Chu, I've come to give you two samples of Notre Dame, and I'd like to give you a try. Last time I shared some basic knowledge of Notre Dame's products with you.I understand your problem, Mr. Chu, but you still have some questions about whether a daily insulin injection in Tegiya could cause a vacuum, don't you?	labels:Jules.
text:The teacher is also very grateful to you for your concern about insulin in Tegiya, which is also an issue raised by many teachers.This is about the concept of a weekend half-life, which means that the insulin half-life reaction that we inject under our skin is a drug-absorption process, not a blood-eradication process, as you should have known before.	labels:Director.	episode_done:True
text:Little Jang and Dat and Glyph insulin have the same effect. And both have the same kung fu, basically no difference.	labels:You, Director, are concerned that No and Da are also similar to base insulin, and that it works with glycerin, which means that the advantages of reducing sugarification and empty stomachs are not particularly obvious, do you mean?
text:Yes.	labels:In fact, the director, I can understand that, because Nord and Da are a brand-new basic insulin analogue that has just been listed, we have a relatively new story about clinically used cases or clinically used experiences. So we have some and sufficient evidence of medical evidence, both at home and abroad, that supports it. So, first of all, I would like to introduce you to a rct study of Nord and Da, as well as to what we have done more in the knowledge world.
text:So first, let's look at the Rct study, which means that two groups of controls are going to reach the same level of glucose hemoglobin, and then compare them to a lower level of abdominal reduction. So we can see in the five studies that, compared to glyph insulin, the lower abdominal glucose is clearly better than the lower abdominal glucose, which means that no and da are better than glycine insulin. Then, back to our real world research, it is also clear that the lower abdominium is also better than glyclinic insulin.In addition to this, our eu study shows that, in relation to the use of other basic insulins, including glyclin, which are not well controlled, it can be converted into glyclinic insulin, and it can further reduce the amount of glycene 0.5 to the soup finger, as well as the amount of emptied haemorrhage per litre of his patients. Once again, it is clear that in reducing abdominal and glucone, the efficacy of our insulin is better than glycine insulin.You see the director's concern about this study, see if I can explain it, or do you have any other questions?text:For the time being, it's not a problem, it's probably a new drug that we've been using, so it's probably just like single glycerin insulin. But do you have any originals for these studies?	labels:All right, Chief, that's what I'd like to tell you. It might be easier if you were in the room tomorrow. I'll bring you the background of some of these specific studies and the data.
text:Yes, I'll have nothing after 9 a.m. tomorrow, and you can bring it to me, and then you'll say that I'll look for you again if the drug is used in our section in the future.	labels:All right, chief of staff.	episode_done:True
text:If it's going to accumulate, then King will explain it to you, then first it is.	labels:Absolutely not.
text:Why? Because all of our insulin is meant to be a half-life, and it's divided into weekends, and our half-life is now called weekend half-life, which is sometimes called elimination half-life, and sometimes we are called plasma half-life, so his director, as you know, doesn't talk much, he's just a concentration that reflects the steady state of our drug, for example, when it needs to be able to reach its peak and then reduce it by 5% by half, and it's called half-life of the drug, so the half-life of Nord-During is 25 hours, which you know, on the one hand, the director.So the second thing is that all of the basic insulin that we have now is that it follows the first degree of drug-degenerative elimination, which means that the constant ratio is eliminated.So we're three to five half-lives after a single injection, and it's basically rid of glycerin from our body, and since then, when it's stabilized, its drug levels will remain essentially unchanged.Well.	labels:If that's what it is.
text:With this detailed example, for example, the Director gave us 10 units of insulin on the first day of our administration, it went in, it went through the first degree of pharmacodynamics, it went into the blood circulation, it worked with the proteins, and one and a half five units were stored in the subterranean storage, so it didn't work, and by the next day, the Director gave us another 10 units because it was supposed to be injected the next day.	labels:Well, inside of us.
text:The original five units were insulin in five units, so that 15 units were recycled through the first degree of pharmacodynamic elimination, and then half the 15 units were 77.5 units, so he came into play.So on the third day, we said that we had 7.5 units in the vault under our skin, plus 17.5 units in the 10 units that we injected on the third day, so 17.5 units in the 17.5 units were cleared by the first level of drug substitution drug mechanics, and then 28,162,98 units in the 8th, close to 8.5 units, so he went into the blood cycle, once, and on the 4th we added 17 units in the 17.5, 17.5 days in the blood cycle, and half in the insulin reservoir, so that in the 5th day it would approach the 10 units of this type, and then 10 units in the blood cycle to function, and that it would reach this biological cycle of steadyness, and it would do that.So that's the point. The director, in fact, is one of its drug-degenerative dynamics that goes into the circulation of the blood cycle. Then, on the other hand, it's the other way around.	labels:Say you just...
text:The fear of accumulation of insulin in the body is mainly due to the impact of accumulation, which is certain to have some of the effects of negative events such as low blood sugar.But in these events, No and Dat, in all of his rct studies, he confirmed that the risk of low blood sugar is significantly lower than glyph insulin, so we can see that in the Biegen series, in the Macter analysis of the Begansbeegen series, severe low blood sugar can be reduced by 86 per cent, while the switch study also shows that the symptomatic low blood sugar can be reduced by 25 per cent compared to glycerin at night, and that our dot study shows that it can be reduced by 40 per cent compared to glycerin at night and by 53 per cent at night, which is the equivalent of a lot of research, and that it can be counter-provocated from the other side, which suggests that one of the safetys of the delta insulin is very good, so it would not cause such accumulation.And...	labels:There should be some time when it comes to accumulation.	episode_done:True
text:All right, hello. Hello.Mr. Liu, last time I talked to you about the clinical efficacy and safety of our winter 30, you also told me that you'd choose one patient to be useful in 8.5% of the glucose haemoglobin patients, so do you have any other questions for clinical use? I wanted to talk to you about this today.	labels:So, Jang might have used phantom 25 or more before, and then I found out and told you that the patient had tried z30 for a year or two, and I found it as if you didn't make much difference from eugenic No.25.
text:You're telling me we did have a lot of clinical experience. You might have used a lot more of it before, and after three years of applying our No and Ray, you don't think there's any difference in health treatment, do you?	labels:The world feels this way, because I think it's all pre-insulin, and it's all about the same proportion, so it's about the same as when it comes to sugar.
text:The Director does have more clinical experience on your side, and it is true that we have more insulin than we have, so we Noor and Rittkin, because it contains 30% of the quick-effect component, and U. Miller 25% of the quick-impact component, and then compared to u.M. 25, because of the difference in composition, clinical research shows that Erle Hurey 30 is called Yommel 25, and that it is better able to control a post-dinner blood sugar for type II diabetes patients.Secondly, in our China note, No and Rí 30 can be approved, with one injection twice or three times a day, thus providing patients with a choice of flexible treatment options ranging from initial to intensive, meeting the treatment needs of type II diabetic patients at different stages and helping them to achieve a long-term blood sugar standard.And, in the umi 625, it currently does not approve three treatments per day. So, in this case, as opposed to patients with high blood sugar after lunch, we can, as a matter of course, use this individualized treatment as a supplement after lunch.Once again, by 2020, we've been on the market in China for 30 years, and the efficacy and safety of treatment has been widely validated by domestic and international research, and a related guide has been developed. For example, the expert guidance for pre-insulin clinical practice suggests that we meet clinically patients with more than 8.5% glucose bear protein, and that we can start with pre-insulin.So we have an extensive coverage of No and Rey at the Basic Hospitals and Pharmacies, which can provide a guarantee of a long-term treatment for the patients, especially now that during the epidemic, many patients are unable to come to the hospital to purchase medicines, and that he can buy them in a community hospital or a rural hospital, and that he can do better for his blood sugar control at home.So, finally, we have No and Re 30, together with the memory-functional Noon and Noonu, which have a very small bullet-like window, and an integrated service for the care of Noor and Nord patients, which is to buy 60 credits for each box of Nono and Rittkin to live in a treasure-scanding branch, to buy 150 points plus one cent, and to give patients a box of Nono and Nod needles, a long-term No and Nod care service that allows patients to benefit better from the control of blood sugar for type 2 diabetes patients, whether at the beginning or at the end of insulin treatment.I don't know if my explanation would dispel one of your doubts about the efficacy of Noel and Rey 30 and Corner 25?	labels:Well, that's about it, 'cause you're a classic drug, and it's not going to work, so I'm going to look at it later, and I'm going to pick out some more cases and try it again.
text:Right.text:Because our company worked with Ali Health on the subject of diabetes, one of the long-term care projects for these sugar friends is that we scan the drug box with a bar code under the National Electronic Drug Control Service, and then clean it with a scavenger of payment, not only will it be possible to tell whether the drug is authentic, but we can also see a box of drugs that can give him points, 150 points and then add a penny, and we can exchange a needle for an insulin needle for a diabetic.You know that these patients who go to insulin not only pay part of the cost of insulin, but that needles are also an essential consumption. So the medication that we care about can ease the patient’s financial burden.	labels:It's good. I have patients on the back of this project. I'll tell him about it.
text:Okay.Thanks to the Director's support, it is hoped that the Director will encounter poor oral control in his subsequent clinical work, and then consider a two-in-a-day treatment for Nokia30bad when patients whose glucose haemoglobin is greater than 8.5 per cent can choose a treatment with him.	labels:Okay, thank you, chief. Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, I'm working with Yeh-jin as a team today, and the challenge we've chosen is that, after a period of insulin use, if the treatment doesn't meet the standards, I can adjust the insulin dose or increase the amount of oral sugar insulin, so that it can be easily adjusted and easily accepted by patients, and why I have to change to No and R30. And then we can officially begin our exercise.	labels:Insulin plus oral drugs can be well controlled and there is no need for further optimization.
text:Mr. Director, you're also very concerned about the patient. You've told me before that you chose basic insulin for oral medication, mainly because it's easier for patients to think about their treatment, and it's easy for patients to understand. Is that so? Director? Yes.	labels:One of the main considerations is that patients are easier to use, easier to operate and may feel more dependent.
text:Well, thank you, Director, for your response. You're really starting from a patient's point of view, and I'd like to come with you today to discuss and learn about this.First of all, diabetes is a sexually active disease, and, uh, the level of glucose haemoglobin will increase as the process expands, as the cell function of the Beta cell decreases. Obitt also studied that three months after the beginning of insulin treatment in the Chinese population, the rate of achievement of glucose haemoglobin was only 35.9 per cent, and this figure is very low.The director doesn't know how you've been treating this phenomenon before?	labels:Research in this area has also been seen before.
text:Isn't it true that the director said you approved basic insulin plus stocks, and that it didn't actually make blood sugar on a long-term basis, right?	labels:Director? That's the way it is in the long run.
text:Yes, Director, it's a guide to diabetes in our country and abroad, and it's a treatment path to pre-insulin when basic insulin is poorly controlled.When an optimisation programme was offered for patients using basic insulin for more than six months, empty abdominal blood sugar was achieved, but the glucose haemoglobin, or glucose after meal, was still not achieved, or the increase in glucose after meal was more than three millimores per litre, or the log count for basic insulin exceeded 0.4 to 0.6 units per kilogram of body weight per day.It's better for us at this point in time to optimize it to prevent insulin twice a day. I wonder if you agree with the Director?	labels:You said you could try it, you could try it clinically, you could look at it.
text:Thanking the Director for his response, you have always looked at the patient's point of view, because basic insulin is expensive, and if it keeps increasing the insulin dose, the greater it will cause some insulin resistance.Coupled with some oral drop-in drugs, the cost of treatment for patients is higher and the quality of life of patients is lower.I have spoken to you before, with a Chinese sub-group study on a Bay TV, and a recent 4200 study, where he said that the conversion of Chinese type 2 diabetes patients with poor control over basic insulin into Noor and Rittkin could significantly improve blood sugar control twice a day, without increasing geographical risk, and could save one of the total costs of the related drugs and treatment.The director doesn't know that I'm explaining to you that you think that Noor and Ray are constantly increasing base factor doses and oral drugs compared to 30, and he says that Noor and Ray 30bad are a better program director?	labels:It's probably better to look at you like this, but the actual situation depends on a clinical process.
text:Well, if you look at your clinic this week, you can't pick one or two patients. For these patients with poor insulin control, let's turn to Noor and Rey 30bit to observe his out-of-hospital blood sugar control, make a regular follow-up visit to him, let's see how he's treating.	labels:You can try it.
text:All right, thank you, chief.	  labels:Bye. episode_done:True
text:Hello, Miss Tang. I heard you the other day. What's the situation with a patient who used Degulin?	labels:I still used Germany with a lot of confidence and hope, but when I ran out, I felt like there was no big difference between glutinous and glutinous.
text:I'd like to ask the patient, what was his plan?	labels:I used the door winter with three pins of glycerin to strengthen the glycerin formula, and then you didn't say that I introduced you to Germany? And then I changed the glycerin to Germany.
text:With a 3+1 formula, the patient should have been, uh, a blood sugar-controlled one of his, and it should have been very poor at the time.What was the measure before the 3+1 formula used?	labels:Was it 12 before Germany's single room first or 12 before Germany?
text:That's when the dosage is converted. That's the way it is.text:Because for you to see this patient, he had already used a 3+1 scheme before he used it, which suggests that the patient's control of one of his blood sugars should be very poor, because none of his blood sugars were met by the 3+1.After the Chengde Valley is now used, because you are a grade conversion, because after three days of steadyness, we need to adjust the patient's dose of one of his insulin, because the patient's base is not large.text:How much did you say the patient used in Germany?	labels:12,12 units.
text:What you're used to is the base, but he's using very small, but it's not big.Three days later, if his empty abdominal blood sugar remains unsatisfied, it could actually increase the patient's dose of one of its basic insulin.Because one of the low blood sugars that was mentioned earlier to you is much better than glycerine, because we sometimes have a clinical fear of low blood sugar, which prevents the patient from adjusting a dose of insulin, but it is very safe in Degull, which would also significantly reduce your concern to increase the insulin dose in basic insulin.You also mentioned earlier that the insulin of the valley is better than the insulin, and that in the real world, one of the experiments of the earth also confirmed the conversion from other basic insulin to German insulin, which was further reduced by a further 1.5 per cent, i.e., one of the drops of sugar in the valley is better than glyclopin, either from the rect or from the real world study. You may have encountered a patient who was admitted to the hospital for three days, but who did not adjust a dose of insulin to his insulin, which is also known to you because Germany has stabilized for three days.text:If his stomach is still empty, I suggest that you give the patient an appropriate dose increase, so that one of his water drops low and his blood sugar drops.And one of them is actually using 3+1 as a formula, so I'll see if we can try to test the insulin and find a new patient to look at the efficacy of its congener and its safety if we don't have a very long pathology in our ward.Mr. Tong, do you think you can do this? You need to start insulin for patients in the wards who have poor control over their oral medications.	labels:You mean because I didn't meet the standards or because I didn't adjust the dose?
text:As a normal matter, we can add a dose to the patient's insulin if it remains empty after three days of steadyness, because the patient actually uses 12 units, not much, because we may have been worried about low blood sugar, and sometimes we are afraid to give him a full dose of basic insulin.One of its second chambers, either at night or at night, is significantly superior to glycerin, and one of its blood sugars is very small in variants, so safety is very good, and you need not worry too much about increasing your insulin dose.	labels:Okay, I'll try adjusting the dose to see what's going on.
text:For this patient, you can try to adjust the dose, look at the glycerin plus the basic insulin. And then you can pick up some of the patients in the ward who don't meet the standards for oral drugs, and you need to re-observate one of the effects of the basic insulin and its safety.	labels:I know.
text:Thank you very much, teacher. I have a lot of samples in Cory, five more, and if there's one in the ward tomorrow, you can try two cases of this type of patient who is in the hospital if the oral medication is not satisfactory.	labels:Okay, okay, I got it.
text:Okay, thank you, Miss Tang. I'll come back tomorrow to see you.Talker 4.Okay, okay   labels:okay, bye.	episode_done:True
text:Bosses, colleagues. Today I'm going to help me practice as a doctor, and I'm going to act as a doctor as a representative of what we're dealing with today as a matter of the slowness of Nohuda's insulin. And then we're going to practice.Mr. Zhang, you've recently begun to prescribe this product to our patients.	labels:Insulin works in Novardabi.
text:I'd like to thank Director Jang for your interest in Nok and Dat's products, as well as you, Director General, for saying that Nok and Darby's Insulin are slow. Don't you know that's what I'm saying?Chief?	labels:That's what it means.
text:The director said that Noon and Darby Ghenon Insulin were slow to work, and that after you prescribed the patient, the patient observed the results, or did you hear, uh, people say or learn from other sources that Nok and Dabi Gheng Insulin was slow to work?	labels:He was the representative of the glycerin, and he brought me some research, some research data that showed that Noor and Darby Glycerin were slower, and that control of empty abdominal glycerine was better.
text:First of all, I would like to thank you, Director, for your interest in this product.In fact, when it comes to the slow functioning of Insulin in Noor and Dabigan, I have also learned about it in the relevant magazines, which means that I have a simple communication with you to see how convenient it is for you.	labels:No, you said that.
text:Thank you, Director-General, for starting with time and achieving stability, which are two concepts. For this, if we can make a clear case, we can make a fundamental distinction between Nota and Insulin.The second point is long-acting insulin, which is usually concerned with steady-state time, which is usually used for short-term or quick-impact drugs, and is certainly more clearly known by an endocrine expert such as yours.On the third level, the time frame for achieving stability mentioned in the insulin and insulin instructions is similar to that for 2 to 4 days. If you want to see the time of effectiveness of both, you can refer to the Chinese Diabetes II guidelines, which range from 1 to 4 hours, to 1 to 4 hours, and I will make a simple communication between you in the following four areas. Can you see that the Director-General's answer to this question is sufficient to satisfy you with one and one view of the effects of Nona and Da and insulin?	labels:It is important to say to you that long-acting insulin is indeed concerned with the timing of the steady state, not the timing of its effects.
text:Yes, because the difference between long-acting insulin and disinsuasive insulin is the difference between what they do and the difference between what they do and what they do in nature, so that it has long-acting insulin, which we all know is covered by empty abdominal sugar, is generally concerned with the time of achieving stability, which we usually use for short-term or quick-impact purposes, because we have party schools and boarding schools that are essential to the time of effectiveness, so that these two concepts are used differently for different insulin species, so we tend to evaluate insulin for basic insulin, which is often a time-sensitive situation for long-acting insulin.But for glyph insulin and tavern insulin, it's two to three days and it's two to three days old. So the question of the speed and slow effect of nona and glycerin insulin is two times similar. Do you agree with that, Director?	labels:To you, I understand. I see what you mean.
text:Well, thank you very much for your approval and understanding. You see that this is not a question of how Norm and Glyph Insulin work. I want to explain to you that I, uh, am a communication to you. What do I really want you to say about discrimination against type 2 diabetics?And it's a lot of inspiration, and then I'm going to do a follow-up record, so you're really going to feel a problem with the time that Norda and Glycerin work.One more thing about the control of an empty abdominal glucose and the indicators of the various aspects of one of its banks, you can also make a personal experience, can you see, chief?	labels:Well, because No and Da are a brand-new basic insulin analogue, and then I want to experience it, and I want to see it with a few drops and see if he can solve some of the problems.
text:Thank you very much. One week you've actually had 1 to 2 cases of patients, and then if there's a problem or if you need me to help you with some literature or information, you can call me anytime, and I'll be here any minute to follow up with us. Look at the Director of Science and Technology.	labels:You can do it.	episode_done:True
text:How do you do, Mr. Cheung?	labels:Then Choi comes in. Thank you, Director.
text:When the Director visited you last time, you questioned whether there would be savings in Nord-Da, and this visit will explain this in detail to you.	labels:Do good.
text:Thank you, Director. First of all, you're worried about the accumulation of insulin in Degu Valley, but more about the patient's hypoglycemic reaction in the clinic, aren't you?	labels:It's the 25-hour half-life you've heard about, and I'm afraid it's accumulated in the blood, causing a low blood sugar reaction.
text:All right, chief.I explained to you today that, first of all, our drug half-lives are divided into absorption half-lives and coitus with white-life, usually injected under the skin, and that its weekend half-life response is primarily a process of absorption, not a process of elimination after haemorrhage, that is to say, the 25-hour half-life of estuary and on the island is mainly a slow process of subdermal absorption, and you know that the long-acting insulin that we use is long-lived, whether it is glyclopic or glucone, and that the main extension mechanism for German odours is the ability to form a specific chain of soluble polychlorinated long-terms under the skin, and that the insulin in the pelvic reservoir is not sugar-free, so it does not cause low blood sugar reactions.You have just mentioned that the main misdirectorate accumulates in the blood, triggering low blood sugar, and that when insulin enters the blood cycle, it is eliminated for 4-6 minutes, so it does not continue. This is analysed from the point of view of the drug's absorption half-life.First, all insulin is subject to primary kinetic elimination, i.e. the constant rate is eliminated. When a single injection takes place, after three to five half-lives, it is fully metabolized to the in vitro, after repeated injections have reached a steady state, the level of the drug will remain within a range of effective concentrations, it will remain constant, it will play a sugar-reducing role, and the concentration of the insulin in the underskin and the haemorrhage will remain constant at an effective concentration of 200 per cent, and the maximum concentration in the blood will be 100 per cent, that is, we will inject as much as we need in the form of the blood, and there will be no accumulation.Finally, from the point of view of clinical results, you have just mentioned that, if the primary reaction to the fallacy is low blood sugar, and in the sat and real world studies of delta insulin, we have all seen the consistent result that the incidence of low blood sugar in Germany is much lower than in glycerin, that there is no difference between treatment and recovery of low blood sugar, and that the time it takes to recover is similar.So you can see that there is no risk of accumulation of insulin from the point of view of pharmacodynamics or clinical results, and you can be confident that it will be used boldly.	labels:The explanation is still very clear, and I am much clearer now that the half-life of Tegiya insulin is understood to be mainly under the skin, and that the removal of the absorbed blood is rapid, with the pre-existing accumulation of some long-acting drugs in the blood and repeated low-blood sugar.
text:All right, Director, your doubts about the Sioux theatre in Germany have also been dispelled, and eut and a number of rct experiments have confirmed that Germany's empty abdominal blood sugar treatment is better than glycerin.	labels:There's a proper patient to try.
text:Thank you so much. I'll leave you alone. Goodbye, Director.	episode_done:True
text:Li, you're here. Last time you told me it worked for 42 hours, so it had a half-life of 25 hours, so it's my understanding that he could call once a day or two, but you said in the instructions that it was a day, so that he had a half-life of 25 hours, would there be a blood stain on the patient?Director.	labels:The question you ask is also very professional. You probably want me to think about it from the moment I'm here, because now we're the only super-duper insulin that works longer, twice as long, and half-life is twice as long as Gandhi's?
text:So the instructions are also recommended for daily injections, and it's certainly a question of thinking about whether daily injections will accumulate.So first of all, I'm sure that there's no accumulation, because we've been looking at all the clinical trials we've had, because there is a risk to the power of glyclinic insulin compared to the insulin, right? Whether it's a total power provider or a severe at night, it's less risky than the concept of 1-4, so it's definitely not graded, is it? So why? Because it's probably insulin, because we know that insulin is a metabolic process in the body, and it's going to be sold in the first winter, except right?You probably know better than I do when you sell that first quarter, and he's saying that in a half-hour, you'll have half of them cut off, and the other half will be in the vault, and you'll be like something, won't you?If we register every day, it's not the end of everything in the body, it's the drop of sugar. It's not the end of it, it's the beginning of a reservoir under the skin. The reservoir is then a long chain with a lot of specifics, a lot of long chains, and then it releases the number of single systems to be selected to play this role.At that time, the scene was not bioactive, was not healthy, and insulin was basically able to achieve a clinical stability.You see, when I reached about three, we said from above that one of its rates was the same as the rate of removal, that the insulin dose in its body was constant, and that right there was no significant effect on the reservoir, that the baby would not accumulate, so you understand me.text:If you say so, I'll probably understand. I've always wanted to say that he's in there. If it's accumulated, there's definitely low blood sugar in the patient, but I'm thinking that there's less low blood sugar in all your businesses. If you say so, I'll understand, because insulin is the first-level power elimination, so thank you very much.	labels:What's this?
text:And just because I'm telling you this, I've got a picture here that's interesting for you, and it's all about the first level of energy sales, so let's see if we're starting with the 10 most conservative units in the book. Let's look at this, 10 units on the first day, and our last half-life is basically one day. That's 50%. That's 50%. That's 50%.There's 5 units in the depositor, and we'll have 10 units the next day, plus the 5 units in the vault, that's 15 units, right?15 will have a half-life, then half of the academic enrolment, and half of it, and half of it, and half of it, and all the units, and none of it, so on the third day, we'll go to 10 more units, plus 7.5 under the skin, which is probably 18 units, and now one half-life, which is about 9 units, and then there's 9 units under the skin, and we'll inject 10 units, and that's 19 units, which, after a half-life, is about 10 units, right?It's not like it's in the library, it's also 10, so when you call 10 more units on the fifth day of the fourth day, it's 10+10 litres 20-20, right?And then brush a half to absorb some, so the reservoir is always wet, so three to five days of clinical stability, it doesn't create a low-blood sugar accumulated, which should be given to the right way.text:If you say it's based on the amount of dose it takes to get in, it's going in, it's going to go in, it's going to go in, it's going to go in, it's going to go in, it's going to go in, it's going to go in, it's going to go in, it's going to go in, it's going to go down, it's going to go down, it's going to go down, it's going to go down, it's going to go down, it's going to go down, it's going down, right?	labels:To give an example of 10 units, that is to say, the most conservative 10 units, and to give you the same thing, if you hit 20 units, as you did in the fifth generation of the fourth day, the same thing, just different concentrations in the body, but the sales pattern is the same.
text:It's fine. I can try your Germany later.	labels:Ah, yes, because we appreciate the Director's approval, because we know that one of the main reasons why the patient's blood sugar control failure is due to the current restrictions on the insulin use of our base, is our fear of a fall, right?
I'm afraid to change the dosage, so when you say it's so much less risky than urea, you can feel free to use it again, you can change the dosage boldly, and then the patient's empty abdominal blood sugar gets to a point, okay?text:Okay, no problem.	labels:Thank you very much. Thank you very much.
text:Otherwise, I don't even know if it's gonna work again.	labels:Okay.
text:Good-bye. 		labels:Bye. episode_done:True
text:Brother Wang is the travel card.	labels:Choi's here. I just came in to ask you something.
text:Did you try the samples you brought the other day?	labels:What's the matter? I've had a patient on oral medication the previous two days. It's not too good to be empty, it's more sugary at 9:00, and his eyes are blurred, and it tickles every day, so I'll give him a try.
text:It's good in Germany. You can also see how empty abdominal effects are, and blood sugar should be controlled fairly.By the way, Brother Wang's guide says that strict control of blood sugar by patients in the early stages can reduce the risk of microvascular disease.	labels:It's still up to the guide, but clinically it's still a challenge to convince a drug-eating patient to give a shot, and I'll try to get some advice.
text:By the way, I was here the other day, and I heard them say that Deok Yeong's effect was slower than they were coming. What's going on?text:This is the case with Brother Wang. You're looking at how many homes the patient uses, and it's going to work in a few days. This is supposed to be related to the time when the drug is stable.When all the drugs were first used, there was a steady state process in which the effective concentration in the blood was stabilized and the sugar was used, and there was a description of Degull and glycerin on the ais cell phone. You can see the same time frame for stabilization in the notes, which were 2 to 3 days for 2 to 4 days. You can also look more at the patient ' s empty abdominal glucose after trying to use the sample in Degu, and the doctor usually gives feedback that the drop is more pronounced in three days or so.	labels:The instructions are exactly the same.
text:Insulin works in about an hour or so after the injection, insulin is about two to three hours, which is part of the drug characteristics of the guide. If you're interested, I'll show it to you in the afternoon.	labels:Well, you've really advanced your academic knowledge, and you're getting more professional.
text:Come on, thanks to Wang, I'm working on it. Don't forget to give me a few more tests for patients who are mildly ill. You'll get a better chance of reaching an empty stomach, okay? Come on, let's go. You're busy.	episode_done:True
text:Mr. Ma, are you there? I heard you got a delta for the patient.	labels:How's it going? You're here, and I'm telling you, I'm a little smaller than a week old. How do you think the blood sugar hasn't changed so much?
text:Mr. Miao heard you say the patient must have switched from glycerin to insulin, right?	labels:It's been a little volatile with glyph blood sugar. It's been empty since 9 o'clock, so I thought I'd try to turn the valley, and it's still like that, and it doesn't slow down.
text:What's the patient's drug program? Is it a base with a pill or a four?	labels:The former owner of the Grand Duchy was a concubine family.
text:The patient's blood sugar should be bad. What's the dose of four frames?	labels:It's almost 12 units in Degu. It's now 6 p.m. and 8 p.m. in the morning.
text:To understand that Dr. Hmong's treatment of glyph insulin, especially those who are poorly controlled by glycerine, must be kept in mind that, after three days or so of stabilization, if the patient's empty abdominal blood sugar still fails, we have to adjust the dose. Any insulin dose is actually in place, blood sugar is naturally improved, except for a general clinical fear of low blood sugar, which is better safe than the liver. Insulin can reassure us that the doctor is bold.Also, with regard to the four frames, we may wish to note the proportion of the base parameters that the patient is currently missing his or her abdominal glucose, and to recommend that you increase the base dose and, as the water drops down, reduce the post-dinner dose appropriately. Since the ratio of insulin to our normal basic human diets is 1:1 and the patient experts for the four consultations also recommend that the base insulin rate should not be less than 60% of the total measure, can you see if there has been an improvement in the blood sugar as a result of this adjustment?	labels:It was true that the base dose had not been easy to adjust before, and the patient ' s blood sugar fluctuated with a fear of low blood sugar.
text:The understanding teacher, however, is that most patients in the clinically four frames tend to experience high blood sugar volatility due to overdoses, and that the insulin mutagenicity is much lower than that of glycerin, with a more stable action curve and a more stable control of blood sugar for windless patients, so you can rest assured.Well, the benefits of German choreography efficacy have been confirmed by sat and real world studies, and the same glucose panel values have been set in ST-adaptation experiments, and the airborne abdominal drops in desulin are better than in glyclopin. And the treatment meta-prophylaxis observations are based on the same objective, who is safer, who is less at risk of low insulin and has a high standard of safety and has proven its efficacy, which is more pronounced in real world studies. Eut’s experiments confirm that airborne blood sugar can be further reduced by 1.5 mm/litre from other insulin patients who convert to multi-track guides.Next time, you can try to use it among patients with poor oral control, who are not very long-term patients, because the guide recommends strict control of empty blood sugar for this group of patients, and it will be beneficial to stay away from complications, so if there is a greater use or answer for these patients, see if you can find a suitable candidate for the patient next time.	labels:Okay, I'll keep an eye on it. Thank you, Dr. Miao.
text:I won't delay your time, bye.		labels:Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Director Sun.	labels:Hello. Yes.
text:I see you've been busy all morning.	labels:That's a lot of change today, isn't it?
text:Then I'm not too busy with you, and I just wanted to bother you for a few more minutes, because, in response to your last objection, No and D compared the incidence of its Earth to Gumpy Island, and then I'll come over and talk to the Director.	labels:Okay.
text:Well, that's what the director said, and we were talking about one of the patients' low blood sugars, and in that case, it's just that there might be a lot of problems because of our low blood sugar, so it's no different for you to say that it's a low blood sugar rate, so I've found some relevant information here, and then you can explain it to us, and then you can see it?	labels:Yes, it's true because a glycerin feels that there are fewer places for glycerin now, yes.
text:First of all, it's because Nordon said it was our Nord and Datty diabetic, and it has a mutation, so it's directly related to blood sugar, and so it's very low for one day and one day at a time.And then we have a study, which is confirmed by a number of rct studies, that No and Da are less risky than glycerine, and that there is a different definition of low blood sugar, and that is the same.So, for example, like one of our studies, he's saying that a serious low blood sugar in Noor and D'Amino insulin can be reduced by 40% at night, and that it can be reduced by 53%, so that's all we're doing is a Djot study, and he's comparing it to a study that he's made. And then he doesn't know what else you have on your side?	labels:It looks like this uh Deok-goon's low blood sugar still works much less than glycerin.
text:Yeah.Because you know that serious low blood sugar events have serious consequences for patients, and that includes one of its variants, so that No and D he fills this part of the gap, one of its variants, which is more stable, one quarter of its glycerin, and one of its severe low blood sugar incidences, which is also more than 50 per cent lower than glycerin, which is one of the advantages of No and D.	labels:Yeah, you mean now we're talking about it because it's low-definition, and then in this experiment he's saying that his first incident is really low, that's what it is.
text:It's to see what other concerns you have on your side?	labels:Nothing.
text:That's what the chief said, and now that we're in the hospital, you probably know more about the product, and then you can try to use it, and then you can look at it.	labels:Okay, I'll just meet the right one.
text:Thank you. Thank you very much, Director. Thank you.	labels:You're welcome. That's what I'm gonna do. On our 10th, I'm gonna try one or two of those first.
Yes.text:The director will be fine, then you will try with you, and if you feel good, you will share the case with us, so we can invite the other teachers in our section to learn from the promotion of one of our German products, as well as its clinical use, which will also provide an advantage to a wider group of patients.	labels:All right, all right, all right.
text:Thank you, Director. Thank you.	labels:You're welcome.
text:Thank you. I'll come back next week.	labels:Okay.	episode_done:True
