text:How do you do, Mr. Baugh? I'm here to celebrate the school. Our colleagues have visited before. Do you remember?	labels:What do you mean by calling now?
text:It's just that we know that you used the Orang platform before, and then.	labels:For there's him we've been using.
text:You're still using it? I'd like to see you guys.	labels:What if it's not due?
text:Yes.	labels:I already think we've renewed the contract.
text:What year did you sign the contract?	labels:It is a new system, probably at the end of the year, which is 22 years old.
text:It's been renewed, isn't it?	labels:It's 7,000 last year. It's only 7,000 because it's good for cooperation.
text:Was it 4,000 at the end of last year?	labels:The year 2020.
text:Twenty years ago.I don't think so.And it's been renewed for three years or two, right?I don't think so.We've also learned about some of the aphrodisiacs used in schools, but they say that they don't now.	labels:Now you can't, our contract has been signed, and it's working well, because we're mainly using his platform, and the whole class is my own.
text:It's recommended that you all record it yourself.	labels:We uploaded it ourselves. He's just using his platform.
text:Teacher, I think we've got a lot of specialties. There's supposed to be hundreds of classes down here, all of you.	labels:Did you record it for the class?I don't think so.We already have more than 100 classes.
text:That's a lot of work, too.	labels:Right.
text:nr platform, they're charging now.	labels:It's expensive to lead the way.
text:The platform is the same as or free of charge for you now, and it's not paying you much.	labels:Right.
text:It's basically good. Okay, we'll see about that. If you're done here, if you need it, we'll be in touch.	labels:You'll be in touch by the end of next year.
text:Are you Mr. Chow? How do you do?	labels:Who are you? Hello.
text:I don't have any balance on my side. Chen Ho has had a simple conversation with you at the All Stars Station. Don't you remember?I don't think so.Time's a little bit right, and it's a little longer, probably in the first half of the year. So, here we have the URL platform as a support platform for this meeting, so this is the finals, and some of the 67 lecturers from your industry are in the finals, and one of the works is on our platform for a presentation, so this is where we'd like to share it with you, and we don't know if you need it.	labels:Share your work, huh?
text:You can see it directly on our platform, so I think you're more interested in it because you've spoken to you before.	labels:You can do it. You can do it.
text:I'll add your message later, okay?	labels:Okay, no problem.
text:Are you from Zhejiang? I see you were in Chengdu. I am in Chengdu.	labels:Worked in Chengdu because the previous number reached Jiangsu.
text:And you haven't changed? Yeah, well, I'll add this number to your letter, right?	labels:You can add this directly to the Ok.
text:And then we'll give you a ttt course on how to do it, and the guest is free, and I'll send it to you later.	labels:Okay, thank you.
text:The company's been using it.	labels:Your products are pretty good.
text:Your Chinese life is your company's account number. You're using it, aren't you?	labels:We just bought it. What do you call it?
text:Yeah, and now you're using it when you're training, right?	labels:It's for us, it's for us, it's for us, it's for us, it's for us, it's for us, it's for us, it's for us, it's for us, it's for us, it's for us, it's for us, it's for us, it's for us, it's for us, it's for us, it's for us, it's for us, it's for us, it's for us, it's for us, it's for us, it's for us, it's for us, it's for us, it's for us, it's for us, it's for us, it's for us, it's for us, it's for us.
text:How does it feel to you as a whole?I don't think so.I'm just doing this because you're interviewing your opinion to see if there's any place for feedback.	labels:And it's good, because what? Because sometimes we use more online training, like this job, and then we don't come in with you, and maybe we don't come in with you and we want to do it, because we're in the online learning program competition, and then we do the cfe forum in Beijing.
text:It was in October, wasn't it?	labels:We saw you with the lander who introduced AI, and then we were more interested in our leadership, and then we picked up with you. Yeah, look at the effect, because it's not in shape yet, yeah.
text:We're doing a good job, and we're working together a lot more, and I think that for you, both lecturers and trainees, there's a lot of help in training for learning.I don't think so.I'm here to listen to you. You're here to meet each other, and the other to tell you that I'm here for the market, and then I'm in the meeting, so I'll meet you at the meeting, like the customer manager who works behind them, who is responsible for the final follow-up with you.I don't think so.So it has not been possible that I did not appear before you when you joined forces, and we were mainly more present at the meeting than I would have been at the meeting.	labels:Yeah. It's okay.
text:Mr. Lee, I'm from the Beijing Superstar, and we've been working with you at the university, and we've been visiting recently to find out that there's something like a learning platform on your side, right?	labels:I'm me, I'm two in.
text:You've been out of school for two days? Yeah. You coming back next week?	labels:Next Tuesday.
text:So, next Tuesday? I've got a tentative date with you for Tuesday because I'm from Beijing. We have a local director. I don't know if he's ever asked you out before.	labels:What did we tell you before?
text:Peking superstar, Beijing superstar. Have you ever heard of it? We're special libraries.	labels:I haven't heard it myself, but they haven't heard it, I don't know.
text:You're really going to be a learning platform here, aren't you?	labels:We're going to do this.
text:What are our initial plans here? That means there's a budget to do it, or there's something else.	labels:One of us is an online course. Yeah. We're doing some online process teaching, and we're now in touch with the Beijing dust, the white hoes, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up, what's up?I don't think so.It's mostly these.
text:You're talking about this one, too, but it's in more forms now, and some schools like yours are more popular, and they're more famous. Usually, they choose to set up a platform of their own, like they do, and they use it directly. This depends on the choice of a school.I don't think so.Yes, you have a preliminary plan for what we're going to do, because we're worried about helping schools with platforms, and so on.	labels:We don't mean that, we're going to go through the bidding and then by bringing in a green-tree-like red-hound or something in it.I don't think so.Internet teaching brands.
text:Well, we actually have this pattern, including our e-books, all of them in class, and you have specific contact with them, don't you?	labels:I'm not exactly sure yet, I am.
text:This is the case with the President, and I had a conversation with Director Li Ying Li, who was down there in the second half of the year, when he said you had a platform called Sensitivity, which has been in use for more than 10 years, and then said not to consider it for the time being.	labels:What brand.
text:Do you have a management platform that says you built it yourself, and now you have a part of the class, and then he says it's true?	labels:There's a platform, but we're a platform, which means that if we bring in a platform like Red Dust or something, it's all functional.
text:Yes, we do have a platform like this, because when we talked to him earlier, you said that your platform was working for a while. Why did you suddenly want to do it this year? Did you talk to other schools?	labels:We're going up. We're going up. We're going up.
text:You haven't thought about this since the second half of the year, have you?I don't think so.It's summer break when you start building this block.	labels:I have this idea on the Internet, and we're going to have it next semester, and we're not going to start it, so we're going to look at it this morning, because by the second half of the year, we're going to start it, because in our college, we're going to have to pay for it, so we're going to strengthen it.
text:Yeah, like the other schools in Yunnan, where we work together, most schools now do information-building, like Kunming Polytechnic, Kunming Medical College.I don't think so.I'm sure you'll learn a little bit more from the Red Dust Book.	labels:Because they've fixed the red boat, super-steaked it, he's got some food to come over for five or six days, and they've come to our school for five or six.
text:You've been to school, haven't you?	labels:My own understanding of this platform, so how do we deal with the usual problems, so the specific questions are not clear?
text:We may be late. I'll make an appointment with you for next Tuesday, and then I'll ask our local officials to meet you directly.	labels:Can we get back to you today? Okay.
text:I'm sorry to bother you here.	labels:Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is this Miss Xue? I'm your teacher. I'm a learning platform.	labels:Learning platform.
text:The study brand is for the youth school, and the call here is for you to tell us how we teach now, what the student learns, because we'll see if we can offer some teaching help to the school.	labels:So we're still traditional, we don't have a network. Do you have an e-learning program or something?I don't think so.Many schools throughout the province have a curriculum that they can write on their own, yes.
text:Yeah, and then, for example, there's already a lot of schools, basically now.	labels:A company for us.
text:It's from the Qingzhou Academy.	labels:Now, basically, one of the first paragraphs I forget is from our platform, and the story is about a platform that we can do in every school with a lot of online classes.I don't think so.And then you're the one who collects the fees, you're the one who collects the fees, and you're the one who does this?
text:The teacher is actually looking at your school, and if your school, for example, has money in all its aspects, your school is willing to pay for this platform, and we don't charge students.I don't think so.If we may have a smaller budget for this sector of our schools, we can say that we have another model, e-books, so you may now be able to talk about paper material in classes, yes, and then we'll give him an e-book instead of this.	labels:Then the platform.
text:He was given free of charge because we had classes on our own platform, and only we worked with a lot of schools, and then some other schools put them on it, so that we could share them, and then we built the platform, which was also for students free of charge, and we charged that part of the electronic book, which was actually cheaper than paper material.I don't think so.Your three-year paper book is estimated to cost more than 600 dollars, that's normal. You're sure it's about 500 dollars. Yes, we use it because it's not expensive, it's not electricity, it's high income, it's cheaper, probably half the price.	labels:That means two and a half years of the whole class comes down to over 200 bucks.
text:For about 3300, yes, and then that's what your students don't actually buy, because everyone knows that it's working, and it's probably hard for them to come to school on time, not to say that he learns it on his own, so it's more difficult to read it now, and it's better to see them in electronics and open it whenever they want, like mobile phones.I don't think so.And then we can figure out on the platform some of the things they've learned, like how long he's been reading e-books, and we'll all have records on his side.	labels:Does your e-book match your lessonbook?
text:It's what we're teaching you. We'll match you up, and then his class will match.	labels:That's e-learning, right? That's what you're doing on this platform.
text:These include admission management in teaching services, followed by student management, and student mobility.I don't think so.And then we're on this platform because we're all together, and now most, uh, schools are all the same, so we're all the same.I don't think so.Yes, both of them.	labels:You can use it as a package, you can learn from it, and then you can graduate from it, and you have it all, yes.I don't think so.This is a platform that is all provided, yes. Then the charge is the charge for photovoltaics, which are all provided free of charge.
text:We take one, and then we get the service, and we come in from freshman year, they're called three or two and a half years, and we serve the entire time, and we don't charge any extra fees.	labels:It's all over here, too.
text:Yeah, we also have an online exam, because last year's epidemic, a lot of it, we couldn't do it, and we're sure we're going to have to do it. There's an online examination. That's a problem.	labels:You're right, from a student's point of view, it's more economical, isn't it? He took an average of two and a half years of 200, or 100,100 dollars, in the next two and a half years.
text:In fact, he would have liked it for the students, because you wanted to have an interview, a face-to-face presentation, a few hours in a car, not to mention what he would have to pay for his accommodation, because each school had a specific interview with him, but some of them would still be on the line, which could have been much less. For example, you might have a couple of times, you might have it, you might have it, you might have it, you might have it, you might have it, you might have it, you might have it, you might have it, you might have it, you might have it, you might have it, you might have it, you might have it, because I see it as a railway technical college, and I'll tell you the truth, not all of it, as you do with your own technical skills, but maybe we have it.I don't think so.Yeah, well, it's kind of public.	labels:The rest are more social than public.
text:Yeah, well, you know, because you're special, which means there may not be any other college, and if there is no other college, it's not normal for me to take this course, but you can post it on your own. That's also a solution. Right. Which one of you is in charge?	labels:Adult education?
text:You don't care if you're a student, do you?	labels:I'm on our side from the beginning to the end.
text:How many people do you have in your office? Because I think you're a lot of people, and if you're small, it's a lot of trouble.	labels:The point is, we're students in our hands, so there's not a lot of students here at our headquarters, either.I don't think so.It's not fit for you on top, which means if we use your platform system, you'll give us the user name of the port, and we'll have it on all the points.
text:No, let me tell you about the logic of our platform, which is that you're a general administrator, because we have to have one of our school accounts, and you have the highest authority, and then you can give him the same authority, and you can let him have the management function of an organization, for example, to teach a student, but you can keep him out of it, because the exam includes a score, because some of them may fill in their own scores, so that's not good, and then you can set them yourself, no.	labels:Is this an online examination or is it an automatic revision of the exam?
text:We'll do it automatically? Yes, and then you can do it, including him.	labels:Didn't you check in all your grades automatically?
text:Automatic login, but the authority to change is on your side.I don't think so.Yeah, and here we're gonna have a lot of teachers in the college right now, because it's supposed to be a lot of work, and that's what you're asking for.	labels:There are all six or seven teachers.
text:Are you here to teach about admissions? Are you here with these six or seven people? Is there a division of labour?	labels:Two or two of us.
text:We've contacted Mr. Bull before. I don't know if it's on your side.	labels:The cow teacher is the cow.
text:The buttons seem to be pretty good.	labels:Cows should.
text:Yeah, and then he said you already have a platform to build your own. I don't know what's going on.	labels:A platform has been developed, but it's not too comprehensive, it's not easy to use, it's almost non-activated, it's all in the media, it's an outside company to develop a user, and we're still not in a hurry.
text:In fact, no matter if you're going to do it yourself, or if you're definitely not one of us, there must be a lot of other homes that you said had come to visit before. I suggest you do this with us and your brother's factory first, and if you think it's more cost-effective and more functional, then you can do it yourself, but I think it's better to do it first.	labels:What did your company say about slow down?I don't think so.I'll take a look at it and report back to our leader.
text:Qing is blue and blue.	labels:Green.
text:Books are books.	labels:Qualified.
text:And what's the name of our book?	labels:What's in the book?
text:We're called the Green Book Hall, studying right.	labels:Jue School, we had a spring rain last time.I don't think so.Springwinds with pairs of words, they're coming to contact us.
text:They're also on our side of Jiangsu, and they're mainly in Jiangsu, and then they're in this kind of high-level job. We're working together in colleges across the country, and we're home to about 1,500 families.	labels:You're going to be a whole country. You should have a more complete curriculum, like all of our railways.
text:We're on top of the curriculum, we're definitely the highest match, and we can guarantee it, but, you know, because you have a special class, some schools are really special, and we really can't guarantee a 100% match, no factory.	labels:I had one in the spring, because I wasn't exactly right, I couldn't have put my teaching plan on his platform, and nothing was right with me.I don't think so.You didn't listen to him specifically about the match, I'm not too tall.
text:If we go with you on the spot, we can go there. Yes, because we're on the same side as Nanjing, we're based in Nanjing, and we have time to come over and visit, and then we can't match on the spot, but we can probably tell you which matches, and maybe we can see because we do a lot.I don't think so.And if you're willing to look at our matching rates, if you just give us the plan, we'll probably give you the level of matching in one day, including some of the resources in the classroom, and we can do that.	labels:Let me show you some of our railway expertise.
text:You give us all the teaching plans, you match them directly, and we'll tell you what they don't match.I don't think so.Yes, that is true. You should not match it. You should be more proud, because you are not like others. If you are all alike, you will be sure that each school has its own characteristics, that it will keep a few classes, that it does not. That is for sure.	labels:Yes, you haven't been so detailed since last time.
text:How about we enroll each year? I had a colleague who used to talk to Mr. Liu, who said we had about 1,000 people a year. Yeah.	labels:One year is a normal day of about 1300, as if last year was a slight drop in data from a survey.
text:It's gonna be better. It's gonna be all right this year.	labels:This year's estimate is correct.
text:Let me see when we're in Nanjing. I'll make an appointment. I'll come with my colleague.	labels:Can't get down.
text:Next semester, too, but do I think you've been busy lately?	labels:It's the end of the day, and there's a lot to learn.
text:Okay.	labels:Then I'll also have a meeting to study.
text:Anyway, I'm going to add a few letters to you, and then I'm going to say we're going to talk to you about next week or something, and we're going to talk to you first, and we're not going to say we're going to do this, and we're going to do it first, and then you're going to have a preliminary estimate, and then you're going to know a few platforms in every aspect of the summer, and we're not saying you're going to work with us, so that's not the case.	labels:We need to talk to the leader. He's got to be right.
text:It's Master Hu, isn't it?	labels:Not us now.
text:The dean changed.	labels:The middle-level cadre has been restructured, and President Hu has already moved to work at the new campus.
text:What does he call us now?I don't think so.Don is Tang Dynasty Tang? I don't think you know much about our platform. We'd like to go over there and give you some information, because even if we talk about money, we'll be able to estimate it for an hour. Then you'll be busy. I'll talk to the leader next Monday, if you have time.	labels:How about another appointment? Because I don't know if you're right now.
text:We used to take you for less than an hour, anyway, me.	labels:If we show up, we'll all learn together, right? You help me study alone, and I'll talk to them later.
text:It's a lot more trouble than that.	labels:They're all here after me, so let's report to the dean, one day we're all here, and at least a few of the key people will listen.
text:Teacher, I know everything you say about suburban business. You're responsible for everything, aren't you?	labels:For what I've been doing for over a decade, it was always me.
text:Which one's he in charge of? Which one's he in charge of?	labels:The cow director is in one of the teaching points at our correspondence station.
text:Isn't that right?	labels:It does not belong to the true teaching staff that it does not belong to our southern courtyard, and he is in our teaching point correspondence station.
text:That's it, because the last time we talked to him, we found out he was more concerned about the site, and we said, "How many of you are?"	labels:So we're still, of course they're not.
text:I'm a little bit confused, and then he said, "Yes."	labels:What did he say about the platform?
text:His opinion says you do.	labels:Will he?
text:They'd love to, because they're helping other schools enrol, and other schools are already on the platform. But what they said to us at the time was that you had your own platform, so we couldn't use our platform.I don't think so.Then we thought your school already had a platform.	labels:Because we developed a platform to teach him how to manage. Did you say the finance section?
text:I don't know, yes. It's easier for us to do this right now, so you can let the students use our platform directly on it, and he'll give you a link to your financial office, and then the money will be transferred directly. The thing on it, for example, is that a chainer is a two-dimensional code, and it's going to jump directly to the kind of financial office that you pay.I don't think so.Anyway, we'll come over and we'll introduce all of them, and you can schedule some time.I don't think so.Anyway, we just wanted to meet you guys.	labels:And then too.
text:If we talk about cooperation, we'll have to wait for the next semester, so we'd like to meet you in advance, because you also have a chance to study with other platforms during the summer, so we'll have to wait until the next semester.I don't think so.Too much wind and rain.	labels:Which one of you used us for Jiangsu?
text:We've used a lot. We have more than 300 co-operative colleges in Jiangsu. I'll give you a report. We have more than 10, first of all you.	labels:In higher education institutions, for example.
text:Higher specialist in the town and river.	labels:Which of the higher education institutions used you.
text:Did you stop at Jinjiang College?I don't think so.The town's big.I don't think so.The town's.I don't think so.Yeah, they've got about 3,000 students, and we're basically working with him.I don't think so.Yes, and then there's the Yangzhou School of Education, and then they're advanced undergraduates before Teacher Jiangsu II. Well, they're more numerous than us, they're three or four thousand, and then we're working with him.	labels:It's a nicer school. It's a water high school.
text:He was, and then he wasn't up, and he was up at the College of Education, and I remember that.I don't think so.And then there's something like Nanjing's Industrial Vocational Technical College, which you're familiar with, and you're also on our side, right, and then there's some other undergraduate colleges that they're bigger, like the Pilgrim College, Jiangsu University of Technology. Nanjing's audit says we've been working together for five, six, six, seven years, basically all the time.	labels:I'll do it for you if you're so big.I don't think so.Prove that you two should be strong.
text:There's a lot of cooperation with us. You told me to report to a high-level college. I don't have a big school, like Jiangsu University of Technology, and there's a lot of students in this school, basically at Jiangsu University of Perspectives.	labels:It's not the north side of the river.
text:I don't know the exact location.	labels:I was wrong about a science college. I was wrong about a science college. Not a science college.
text:Hello, is this Mr. Tung?	labels:He went to the dean's office.
text:Hi, I'm here to learn from you. We're here to make a deal. We want to talk to Mr. Tung. He's not here. I'll talk to you for a second.	labels:I'm not responsible for this job.I don't think so.Oh, you can call back later.
text:I'd like to see if we're teaching on a platform or face-to-face basis.	labels:Together with our 10-year collection platform, we've just used a new platform, so we have a section on this, so you can call and find out.
text:All right, I'll tell you what, slow down. I just didn't remember. Please, 8339.	labels:5131131, good.
text:Hello, Mrs. Lee. Hello. I'm a stranger here. I've been in touch with you before. Don't you remember?	labels:I forgot.
text:When you said you were not responsible, then we went to President Wu and gave him a seat, but we called him for two months, and he didn't pick up, so he wanted to ask.	labels:Maybe the phone isn't working. Maybe it's going.
text:Phone.	labels:The phone may not work. We don't use it either.
text:Do you know his cell number?	labels:What are you doing?
text:I'd like to pay a visit, and then talk to my face about the deal.	labels:I'm telling you. Our school is a superstar, a superstar platform, but now we're sending letters to the superstar platform.
text:It's not about thinking about a new one, it's not decided yet.	labels:Or the school was unified, because he learned a lot of things and asked for bids, and then the school unified them and went to the day school.I don't think so.And he's finished with that module, and now the students are in class.
text:It's already started. Yeah. We don't have a chance to think about it at all.	labels:Now it's time to say there's no chance. There's no chance.
text:Is that convenient for you? We'd like to visit you. Let's get to know each other. Next time you want to talk about it, we'll talk about it.	labels:You just wait, 'cause you're not coming in right now, and you're asking for nucleic acid.
text:It's okay with nucleic acid. We can do it. We don't have much nucleic acid.	labels:The other is now the provincial government's patrol team here.
text:The C.O.S. is here.	labels:Get to the end of mid-December, so say you come.
text:Let's go visit. You don't have much to do with the group. Let's talk about it. Let's all be friends first.	labels:Just wait. He's going out in the afternoon. He's in a bad mood.
text:Mr. Wu went to see the doctor.	labels:It's not a good order for him, is it?
text:When he'll be in the office, he'll be on a different plane.	labels:There are a few of us on this plane, and it's not if he's okay with our house, neither of them is good enough to make this one.
text:He's always out of office.	labels:He called me and I didn't hear him.
text:Didn't you add that I was 9177? That's 63509177? That's old, but nobody answered.	labels:It's not because I'm involved with grass-roots recruitment, we're dealing with back-to-back, these days.
text:We'll be able to visit your side at some point.	labels:He was, in fact, always before he was 15 p.m., but now he comes back in July, and he should be home regularly.
text:He's always at his own house, isn't he?	labels:In order.I don't think so.But you don't seem to promise next week that he might be going up to the Long Ridge. Because by the end of the year he's the focal point at the Village Renewal School, the focal point might stay there a few days, by the end of the year to sum up, not next week, not next week, not next week.
text:Please see if you can give him his cell phone and ask him when he can, if he can't be at school or anywhere else.I don't think so.Because we've got people on our side.	labels:Do you know anyone? There's someone in Gilling.
text:We have people in every province throughout the country.	labels:I heard someone in Changchun has.
text:But one of us is responsible for the entire province.	labels:You're the one who's gonna call me next week, and you're gonna call me and see if you're not here? I'm not good enough to tell you the truth.
text:I won't tell him it was you I gave you.	labels:Don't ask him right now. It's not good for you to give the leader a call.
text:Okay, I'll ask you next week.	labels:All right, all right, all right, all right. Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mr. Hu, who is this? Hello, do I remember anyone who listens to books here?	labels:What can I do for you?
text:Hello, Mr. Lee.	labels:We don't talk anymore. We haven't talked for years.
text:It has been stopped because I saw the school issue a passport announcement last year, and then I thought you had re-opened your students, and I saw the school issue last year of a notice of re-entitlement for higher examination, and last year it did not.	labels:More than 100 last year, and then no more this year.
text:Over 100 students last year. How are you?	labels:We know I'm not in this section right now, I'm in the office.
text:Because we've been working with schools before, and you know it.	labels:I know, but I'm not in the office now. I'm in the correspondence department.
text:Now, which teacher is in the passport, I'll talk to him when I get back to them.	labels:Mr. Yang, now we're going to bid on all of our learning platforms, and we're going to try to get the schools together, and you're going to have to look for the schools. We have a platform for schools and school departments to use in school departments.
text:Now it's all the same that schools are going to build this platform.	labels:Now we're using more than 100-100 for the whole school. Oh.
text:Then we'll merge and study together.	labels:That's right, because that's the only one hundred who can't teach, and if they don't do it this year, the school will be united with the other side.
text:Did you talk after that or didn't you do it?	labels:I don't know if we've basically changed our leadership.
text:We didn't do anything behind this deal for whatever reason.	labels:I didn't know that it was decided by the school, that it was decided by the school at the school level, and I didn't know that.
text:Mr. Song Ja-hsong of Taikang's life?	labels:Yeah.
text:Hello, I have no balance here. I don't know if you remember. I had a simple conversation with you at the All Star Lecturers competition.	labels:Hello, teacher. Hello, yes.
text:Because the last time we were in the meeting, I don't think you remember either.I don't think so.Well, we're a support platform for the All Stars, and the finals are over, but there are 67 teachers in the finals who put a piece on our platform to show it, so we'd like to share it with you because we know before what you're interested in.I don't think so.Do you remember the All Stars contest?I don't think so.Yes, there are now 67 finalists, who put the finals on our platform to show you, and then it's like I can share them with you, and we all look at some of the finalists' works.I don't think so.Yeah, yeah, and you're just saying that if you want to see it, I can add a little bit of your email and send it to you.	labels:You can add my micro-mail. This phone number is my micro-signal. Okay.
text:I'll put you through later, don't forget.	labels:All right, all right.
text:You do this to 865699229247.	labels:All right, 9247. He's in the office now, isn't he?I don't think so.I don't want to call later.
text:If he's not good, I'm not sure. Why don't you leave another phone number at the office, and if it doesn't work, you call the office over there.I don't think so.86569274.	labels:Okay. You're on your side, aren't you?I don't think so.I thought you weren't here.
text:We're a section in Dean Hang's college.	labels:Okay, I get it. Okay.I don't think so.Thank you, teacher. Good-bye. Good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, I'm from Nanking. We're in a business learning platform. We've just contacted President Fan. Then he says that you are primarily responsible for this section of the platform, including what's behind it. Yeah, let me get in touch with you.	labels:I didn't say I wasn't going to use it.
text:I listened to the power plant and he said yes.	labels:Rebidding.
text:When did we start looking for them? It's the second half of the year, isn't it?	labels:Maybe it's not settled yet.
text:Or is it the same as before?	labels:And it's not clear. It's not settled.
text:Want to renew it again or what?	labels:It's supposed to be Xu Ching.
text:Not you guys.	labels:Don't call me. I think you've got a problem. We'll judge me.
text:We have a colleague who's been in touch with you, haven't we?	labels:You lied to me anyway, and I remember it very well. These two times look like I remember.
text:What is it? Is it a phone call or is it a meeting?	labels:It's not supposed to be a phone call anyway.
text:Yes, hello.	labels:I've had a brief conversation with you at the All-Star Lecturer's competition. I don't know if you remember, but it's been a long time.
text:I don't think so.	labels:Let me tell you, this is the All-Star Lecturer's contest hosted by the Bank Insurance. Does it ring a bell?I don't think so.Yes, the platform of the last race is the platform. I'm sure you've used it. So, now that the game is over, and there are 67 such lecturers in the finals, they put their work on our platform for a presentation, and they want to share it with these teachers, who are not interested in it, and if not, I won't share it.I don't think so.No, I'm fine.
text:Because we may now have a firm that has been recommended before, and the head office has already finished the finals.	labels:That's right, because the 67 lecturers who took part in the finals were better, and wanted to see if you'd like to learn.
text:We have our own platform that we can see.	labels:You can see this on your own platform.
text:Yeah, that's good.	labels:And this time we don't have the impression that we've been there before?
text:It's not too useful, because it's probably on my main organization because it's less involved, so sometimes it's not too much to focus on.	labels:Well, I know that, and then we have some courses here that we'd like to share, and we're going to ask some of the teachers in your trades outside to share them with you, and then you say you've seen that one, and I don't know if you need this one, which means that sharing is free of charge if you want to give you a lesson.
text:I know it's free.I don't think so.Thank you, but not for the time being, because maybe time is not too good.	labels:You're busy, aren't you?
text:All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right.	labels:I'm sorry for the delay. It's okay.
text:Hello, teacher. I'd like to ask if we're going to the Continuing Education Institute.	labels:Right.
text:I'd like to ask him if I have a brother in the adult exam, and then he graduates from high school this year, and then he feels like he's not going to go to a good school.	labels:Either later, or in the morning, because it was Mr. Zhao who played the three-point game, he was a senior in adult examinations.
text:Okay, let me take a look at the teacher. I'll ask you a few questions. We still have this student here, right?	labels:It's an adult exam, isn't it?
text:Right.	labels:There should be. Okay.
text:I'll write down the number. I'll call 33153397 tomorrow morning. 33333397 is Zhao, right?	labels:Maybe in the morning. He'll need something to get out of here.
text:Okay, I got it. Thank you, sir.	labels:It's all right.
text:Hello, this is the Shenyang University College of Continuing Education. I'm from the Academies. We've just contacted Mr. Kim. He said you're in charge of teaching this section.	labels:We already have access to the platform and no replacement is required for the time being.
text:Yes, I understand that you're using Poon's platform. Yeah, but I've been talking to President Wu, which means we've got a missing text, and we're using only one pedagogic platform, right? Pedagogical management of these students.	labels:There are also students studying on apocalypse.
text:It's on the apocalypse, isn't it?	labels:Because we have been working together for years, there is no sense in temporary leadership, which, in turn, will allow us to contact you, since we have been in touch with the President.
text:What do we do with what's missing here like a lesson?	labels:We haven't had Internet classes yet.
text:We have a lot of students here, so let ourselves go. Do we have a lot of students here?I don't think so.How do you teach your students?	labels:We have teachers at our own university.
text:These problems can indeed be addressed.I don't think so.It's like this is now run mainly by a pedagogic, and that's how it's managed. Well, we'll call us if we need it. How long have we worked with Oprah, when will the contract expire?	labels:I don't know.
text:We've been working together for years, OPPO.	labels:OPPO has more than five or six years.
text:Yes.	labels:Graduates are about three years and four years and five years.
text:Okay, and then he's been leading the idea of a change of platform lately, isn't he?	labels:No, because we're the users.
text:What do you call it? Because I just spoke to Mr. Kim, and he says he doesn't know who's in charge of this piece.	labels:There's no point in contacting us with this thing. Since you're done with President Wu, he needs you to let us get in touch with you.
text:Hello, I'm just saying that we have a colleague who's spoken to you before, and I don't know if you remember. We're part of a learning platform, and we're part of a learning platform, and then we're part of a meeting where colleagues say you've spent your time on literature, and then we're going to end this year. So tell me to come over and check with you again, and see if there's any chance for us to work together.	labels:He's not due this year. He's like two years away.
text:Two years. Did you sign for five years?	labels:It's because I came later, and I don't know when they signed it.
text:Yes, because it was supposed to be in 19 or early 18, it was because he wrote that our colleague said that you had been working together for three years, and then I counted as coming to an end this year.	labels:Should not be due today.
text:Use it as a whole. What about the whole platform now?	labels:It's still working.
text:I mean, it's all right with all the lessons, isn't it?	labels:That's a love letter for you, isn't it?
text:To us for you.	labels:How'd you get the class resources?
text:Which one of our class resources are you referring to is a deal?I don't think so.Yeah, I know it's a deal. Do you mean the match rate or how do you charge me this piece?	labels:All included.
text:Because we have about 8,000 courses in our curriculum, and then we'll match you with a plan, and we'll normally have a match of more than 85 percent.I don't think so.And then we include fees, which we are now free of charge, including the platform for students, but we will use the form of e-books for students instead of their paper books for the site, or for students, because we are a company, and it is not all free of charge for a student to use, but free of charge, the platform.	labels:How do you charge for your e-books?
text:Our e-books are 300 dollars a person for the time being, and it's up to the locals, and you'll have some to see if you can use some extra services from our platform, maybe some extra services that might be litigated or something, because we've now introduced some like an examination system training system, and I don't know what your main business is now at the Academy.	labels:If you're going to the examination system, you're going to say something about us. You're going to charge for the test. You're going to have to use your platform, aren't you?
text:Just look at this and I'll tell you the truth. Normal, if we say you're using one of our teaching platforms, we'll go with it. But if we don't have a co-educational platform now, then you want to talk to us about the examination system, we'll charge for it.	labels:Ah, it's not safe to use your platform to take the exam. You guys are there.
text:Because of our platform, some of the other incidental services that we might have attached to it will be available to you free of charge.	labels:But the exact thing you use for free is the whole thing.
text:The interactive system learning platform, and now our examination system, which used to be attached to the teaching system, may not be the same, has been modularized, and the examination is a separate system.	labels:How do you run your test system?
text:Follow your final exams, then you're going to go on the line every year, and then you're going to charge us for every job we do.I don't think so.If you want to cooperate with our examination system alone, we also have a separate fee, which is based on how much each student receives.	labels:I'm not talking about the form of your exam, because it's usually that kind of objective question on the line, that's what we do in engineering.
text:We all have, and we all have objective subject questions in our examination system, and then we support the idea of systematic reading, but subject questions may still need to be examined by teachers, and then we will automatically modify them, including the functions that we also have a face-to-face recognition.	labels:There's someone on the face right.
text:You need it now, don't you, Dean? I think you care more about it.	labels:Yes, we are now mainly in the section of the examination, which, in the case of the examination, is not perfect.
text:Yes, in fact, we are also telling the truth about the basic teaching platform of our platform, which is basically not so different from the current one, and perhaps our strengths are in the curriculum, as well as our existing and more cooperative institutions, many of whose functions will come back, and our examination system, which is also a separate module at the request of many schools, may be more in line with a development in the peri-urban area.I don't think so.If it's useful to you or if you need it, we have someone in charge here for a while. I'll ask him to contact you and see if he has time to visit you.	labels:You tell me after you, because it's not what we've been up to, and we haven't started school lately.I don't think so.You think then you need to learn a lot.
text:Yeah, well, you're starting school normal now, right? It's probably in early September, isn't it?	labels:At the beginning of our 99th month.
text:Do you mind if I ask him to contact you next week?	labels:Push back.
text:Well, there are a lot of times.	labels:After the 10th.
text:I can ask him to confirm it with you for another month, because he's always been there, but see if you have time to meet again.	labels:Where's HQ?
text:We're based in Nanjing, but each of us has a counterpart.	labels:Wen Tai's words are not also in Jiangsu's.
text:I don't know for us, but we're a bad thing about the competition, and we're, to be honest, updated, basically imitated our model to do it, and now we're basically the biggest on the side of the deal, including superstars and red dusts, and we're the biggest on the side of the bargain.I don't think so.That's not a lot of co-operative schools, maybe he's working with one or two of them in one province. If you're on the other side of Shaanxi, it's only one of your schools now. Yeah, and then, like we heard, there's about a dozen of them in Shaanxi, and then there's a little more of them, like Red Dust and Superstars, and that's the situation.	labels:You said your system was better than his.
text:What's our advantage? We're mostly just making a deal. There's nothing to worry about, you know, doing a full-time library, you know, and you know what they're doing, and they're doing a lot of stuff like red dust, and they're doing a lot of business, and we've been doing it for about seven or eight years now, and we've only been doing it, including some of our functional development.I don't think so.Yes, and then we're talking about doing it for the sake of making a deal, because some of the supernovaes do have a class that they work with, they work with the college, they're really good if they use that one, but they probably don't apply to this part, and some of the students he learns the full-time course, and he's a little out of use, and he doesn't have to be so comprehensive, and they're really targeted.	labels:Yeah, but the lesson we're dealing with was a special recording, or...
text:We have more models of cooperation here, and we see schools in need, and we're right now.	labels:I'll tell you what you've got, you know, some sort of lesson, you give me an example, you know, you know, math just went out, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, like, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, like, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, like, like, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, you know, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like, like,
text:Now that we have more than 300 institutions, and if you're referring to a better institution, like us, we're working with the Southwest side, and some of it is better, then we're working with him and we're buying it.I don't think so.And then there's, for example, your Xian polytechnics, and your polytechnics have a special specialization, for example, some kind of mechanical thing that we can build with you.I don't think so.This part of the curriculum is for you to build, and then we'll pay for it, and then we'll get the right to use it, but that certificate is equivalent to a patent that's given to your school. We don't have any exclusive rights. We only have access, for example, that we may be able to show it to other schools on the platform, but ownership is still your school, and we'll have that form to expand it.I don't think so.It's basically these two parts, some of which are bought with what you already have, and some of which are built with your school. Because it's really important to do this platform, and it's important to do it, because we're able to work with so many schools, including a constant accumulation, and it's a constantly rolling pattern, and it's always updated, and then it's getting more and more new, and then we're dealing with one of them.I don't think so.Yeah, well, you're not in school now, and I won't bother you, so when you start, I'll ask our guys to talk about the module on the exam, and we're working together on the platform, so we can't say you're in trouble.	labels:Right.
text:Hello, is it Zhang Quanhua, who kept the letter? Hello? Hello, can you hear me?	labels:I can hear you.
text:Is this Mr. Zhang Xuan, the manager of the Chinese letter?	labels:Yes, who is this? Hello.
text:I'm from umu. I've had a few simple conversations with you at the Star Lecturer's contest for my bank insurance, and I don't know if you still remember, but it's been a long time.I don't think so.Is it a good time for you? I'll probably talk to you a little more briefly, that's all.I don't think so.One of the 67 finals on our platform before now, they put it on our platform for a presentation, so they said they wanted to share it with your teachers, so they wanted to come and bother you, see if you need it.	labels:Oh, that's where to share it.
text:We're on the URL platform, and I don't know if you remember our platform, and I need to send it to you via a link.I don't think so.Do you remember our platform?	labels:I'm impressed, yeah.
text:You should've used it on the game before, right?I don't think so.I'll send you a message later. Yes. You're busy.	labels:I feel a small signal coming to you.
text:Yeah, I don't think it's convenient for you to talk. Uh, it's a meeting. Right. Can I add your cell number?	labels:I'll send it to you.
text:Are you in the paper or what?	labels:I'll send it to you.
text:Hello, Chief. I know. I talked to you last week. We're working on a learning platform. Yeah, you were busy last week, and you asked me to talk to you this week, and now you're free.	labels:Because he's with our teaching service.
text:The drugs are docked.	labels:We're super new, too.
text:The full-time pedagogic department's on the line.	labels:Right.I don't think so.It's like we're separated, but our system works.
text:It's working with the elephants, but you're doing it all on your own.	labels:Yeah, split up.
text:We're still very innovative in the subject matter, and maybe it's mostly full-time, maybe we'll deal with some of the lessons here that might be missing or something, and I don't know if you've got them here.	labels:Let's learn from the missionary side, then.
text:Are we recording our own texts, or are we worried?	labels:They're offering us?
text:If there's one.	labels:If it's missing, maybe we're recording it ourselves.
text:How are we going to work with him? Is the platform separate from the text? Or is it together? Packing up. Are you going to renew the bid with them after next year's expiration plan? Or are you going to sign directly or what?	labels:This doesn't necessarily depend on what the school says.
text:Good work.I don't think so.At the end of the day, if you need anything, we'll have it any time. We can come over and talk to you, and you'll just have to get in touch with us.	labels:Yeah, let's see what the school says next year.
text:All right. Are all our students in Hangzhou station, or are they in the same department?	labels:It's all packed.
text:You're also a big student, with more than 10,000 students.	labels:That's pretty much it.
text:Yeah, well, you're definitely not going to have to use it anyway, and we're going to have to do it tomorrow if we say it's due or something that needs to be improved.	labels:Yes.
text:Come on. We're in trouble here. We're talking about this.I don't think so.All right, all right.	labels:Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Mr. Ma, I'm from the Qing Pong School. We're a learning platform. I've spoken to you before. I want to make sure that this year's admission agreement is final.	labels:Which one did you say you did?
text:Didn't I contact you about two months ago? You said you'd start this year?I don't think so.Not yet.	labels:Last year's agreement was not signed.
text:I haven't signed it yet. You said you were almost sure.	labels:Yeah, well, it's been a long time since the deal was sent. It's tomorrow's teacher.
text:You're planning on recruiting for Hangzhou Station right now, aren't you?	labels:Yeah, yeah.
text:Well, we're an easy school, and we're a learning platform, if I don't know if you're going to help us with this right now, because we have a lot of schools in Hangzhou, and if you're still looking for Hangzhou, I can introduce you here as well.	labels:It's the show department, and it's time for our leader to talk about it for a long time. I don't know what's wrong with you today.
text:It's about to start, and you're not sure it'll be too late for this year.	labels:That can't be helped.
text:Well, how many people were we planning to recruit this year?	labels:At least 200 people.
text:And you've never been able to do it in this function. It's not a thing.	labels:I can't help it.
text:If you need anything back there, do you think we can introduce you to the kids in the provinces or out of the country?	labels:Anything can be said.
text:Because we're part of a learning platform. I don't know if you know it.	labels:I really didn't.
text:Mr. Chow, I've just been talking to Mr. Tung, and I've been talking to you about what I'm doing as a learning platform for our reading halls, and then I'm saying that the platform is your department. Can I talk to you for a second?	labels:How about next week?
text:I'll talk to you a little more briefly next week. You can't talk to me now, can you?	labels:It's too much. It's too busy.
text:I just wanted to ask, are we using brands now?	labels:We've got a platform. We've been using superstars so far.
text:We're worried about it. Are we new this year or have we used it for a long time?	labels:It's been two years.
text:That's the previous bid. That's 200,000, isn't it? It's almost due this year, isn't it?	labels:Next year.
text:We're doing this, and we don't know if we have a chance to do a follow-up service, so we'd like to talk to you. Okay.	labels:Let's talk about it next week, shall we?
text:Mr. Chow, who is this? I'm from the parent-son school, and we talked to the Dean last year? Then I spoke to him a few days ago, and he said that he was no longer in charge of this section and asked me to come with you.	labels:We don't need a new school.
text:Would you like a quick look at one of our current usages?	labels:We already have it in the fresh start school.
text:We're teaching here mainly as a platform for an avionics class.	labels:Yes, and then we're going to do it ourselves on other course resources.
text:To be brief, we're using our own platform now, and then we're getting schoolwork from other manufacturers, including when we're going to build it on our own?	labels:I'm not actually in charge of this, either. I'm in the faculty. I'm in the college.I don't think so.All right, we're only going to the west, we're going to the west, and the rest if you're going to contact the college and not me, okay.
text:We're in charge of this now, and I'd like to talk to you later to see if we have a chance to provide a service.	labels:I just told you when I heard about us. We don't have to hear it now.
text:Yes.	labels:We don't need free new books now, and I don't think it's very reliable, because you have other students to charge for them, and you don't say that classes are free. Now we don't have to talk, and if you don't come, you don't call me, because I'm not responsible for this.
text:We're in the middle of a resource development now.	labels:I'm not responsible.
text:Hello, is this the Institute of Continuing Education? Where is it? This is the Institute of Territorial Education of the New Anne Medical School and the Xian Medical Higher School.	labels:We're enrolled at the Xian Medical College.
text:I'd like to ask you, teacher, if you'll excuse me, the school is still looking for high school students.	labels:You're going to the high school exam, aren't you?
text:Yeah, so I'd like to ask in advance, because I have a brother who might graduate this year, and he's having a bad year, and I think I'd like to help him find out today.	labels:Yes.
text:Now we've got a class on our side, right?	labels:You can finish your exams and come back. You can focus on the advanced professions, the micro-publics.
text:Do you know this part of the matriculation exam? No moves. We're recruiting students from all over the world, aren't we?I don't think so.We don't have this tax on our side now, because I have a friend who told me to ask myself, and he says you've got a trick on your side.	labels:It's not a normal day, so you can focus on the micro-publics that are now being introduced.
text:I'm not an adult student. Was there any before?	labels:This year's policy hasn't come down. You can focus on Xi'an's admission.
text:I know this part of the population was recruited before, but it's not full-time for students who did or did not have an adult higher exam.I don't think so.And we're not sure this year. Are we here for the technical school? Can I just ask the other side, or separate? Do you have the number?	labels:And then we didn't.
text:Hello, is this the manager of Shanghai Kai-hoon?	labels:Where are you? Hello.
text:I'm umu here. I've had an exchange with you at the Circus Conference before. Does it ring any bells?	labels:Hello. Can I help you?
text:So, we're doing this interactive platform, and we've got some Shanghai cases in your business management section, and we're here to see if it's possible to use our brand when you go to the company for this kind of training, so we want to have a two- or three-minute conversation with you, and I don't know if it's convenient.	labels:It's gonna be easy for me to go back to what I want, just walking, maybe talking for a few minutes, not just because I saw you guys, but I think there's a better or more interactive aspect to it, because you say, for example, you want someone else to speak, and a lot of people are intuitive, and he doesn't say anything, and you let him speak out of character, and I think it's nice to meet someone who doesn't say anything, and you never know where people come from, but the best thing you can do is just say what you want to say on a cell phone, so everyone's opinions can be put together, and everyone is basically involved, and I think it's nice to meet.
text:Yeah, and then we're learning interactively, which is probably more relevant to a specific business you're doing now, because a lot of business management is using it, and you're doing this training, and you're supposed to have hundreds of people on a single scale.	labels:This doesn't have to look at the type, you know, like this kind of open class under this line, maybe 20 or 30 people, then, if it's a big forum or something like that, maybe hundreds of people.I don't think so.Then, for example, some small classes might be smaller, but not necessarily.
text:You don't know the rest of them, do you?I don't think so.I have a colleague from Shanghai who specializes in this area, and then I think I'm going to ask him to meet you directly, see if there's time to meet his head, and see if we can really use this piece for you, and let's talk about one.	labels:That's right.I don't think so.What's your name again? Is that what you're talking about, like, interactive interaction. Are you a small program, a small program?
text:Here's what we're talking about, for example, you're a lecturer, and then you're interacting, for example, two-dimensional, and we have this function of asking questions about these interactions, and you put these two-dimensional numbers on the big screen, and their students just have to use cell phone micromails to clean them up.I don't think so.Students don't have to set up the APP, but you're a teacher. You need to do this. If you use it, you need to publish some of these interactive features on the APP, but for students it's easy for them, they just have to sweep a micromail with a cell phone.	labels:That's right.I don't think so.Because right.
text:If you have any questions on your side, I can give you an answer.	labels:It wasn't me who was involved, I thought it was fun, and I thought it was fun, but I thought it was a little bit of a procedure, you know?
text:The teacher has some functions for you, for example, that you're going to sign and ask questions about them, and you're going to do them on the APP. You've seen them before, so you can put them all on the big screen, so you can show them. And about this, like those insiders, you don't speak, and you don't know what's going on, but if we get involved, we can at least get them to participate in it and see what's going on.	labels:When I ask you, you mean to wait for you to sell me a little program, don't you think?
text:We are the account, we are the account, we are the account after you use our APP, we open your account, you just log in your own account, and we'll log in when you open it. Then you can use the functionality inside.	labels:So you're saying that you're a big account, and then I'm going to use one of your sub-accounts, that's what you mean. Do you understand that? To him.
text:No, you are independent of your account, you are a teacher's account, and after you publish something, the student does not need to register, and he can use it.	labels:I know. I mean, I mean, I can count this sub-account on your side, right?
text:Yes, but your account number is independent, and it's uncomplicated with the rest, and your content is independent, so if you have a teacher down there, you can be an administrator yourself, and you can have another teacher down there, and you can do a management assignment like this. If you are a company with a lot of lecturers, then you can manage some of their accounts as a whole.	labels:You mean there's a sub-account, and there's a general on it.
text:The account's in charge. Right. Look at it here. You're in Shanghai, right?	labels:Yes, in Shanghai.
text:We direct our colleagues from Shanghai to you because I am from Beijing and it is not convenient for me to run.I don't think so.Then we had a brief conversation with you at the last meeting, and today it's more convenient for you to have time and then have a chance to talk to you more.	labels:There's no time now. I'm at my destination now. I'm busy now.
text:I know what I'm saying is that I'm going to get our colleagues from Shanghai to meet you, and if you need anything, we can show you on site.	labels:No, I know it, and I know it. Didn't I take part in your half-day class that day? I interacted on the spot, and I know I probably know it.
text:If you're going to use it, you're going to be on our side, and we're going to have colleagues.	labels:I didn't ask you how you pay for that thing.
text:The cost would actually be to see you open a general function and your general account number, so I'm going to say I'm going to ask some of the rest of us to do this because I was on this side of the market and I might have less knowledge of it. I need some of our professional client managers to talk to you.I don't think so.Right.	labels:And then I think I know basically all about it, don't I?I don't think so.Because he was, and he was, more clearly.
text:I think you do know about this function, but it actually includes you giving you an entire function that is different for each function, including the number of accounts that leads to different prices, and I can't promise you much here.	labels:That's when you said I'm busy. I'm busy.
text:When can I get my colleague to contact you? Tomorrow or the day after tomorrow?	labels:I'll talk to you later. I'm busy. I can't talk.
text:Good to see you. Good to see you.	labels:Is this Mr. Wang Fang? No.
text:You just got something right now.	labels:He's not here, is he? Well, we talked to Teacher Wang last year. We're a learning platform.
text:Yeah, we're making contact with him online.	labels:Now that's where I'm at, I'm going to talk to you. We're teaching you how to teach, because we've learned that you have a very large intake of thousands of people every year.
text:You need to talk to him. You don't need to talk to me, okay?I don't think so.Okay.	labels:I just called his cell number. He didn't seem to be busy.
text:You have his phone and you call him because we may have something else in the office tomorrow morning, and you have to call him if you're in a hurry.	labels:Okay, thank you, teacher.
text:Hello, do you think it's Ying's life? Hi, I'm Yao Mio's. We had a simple conversation with you at the All Stars Tournament. Don't you remember?	labels:Doesn't ring a bell.
text:Do you remember when you were playing at the Bare Star Lecturer's competition before the Bank Insurance Blast?I don't think so.Yeah, well, you said you wanted to see some of the pieces that went to the finals, and then they came out, and then our URL just happened to be a game knowledge platform, and then they put them on our platform, so they wanted to talk to you and see if they wanted to show you how you see them.I don't think so.We'll put a micro-mail on you later, then we'll put it on our platform, and I'll give you a direct link, so you can look at it at the point you click on. Yeah, and then we'll give you some of these ttts at the same time, and I'll send it to you in due course, so you can look at it together.I don't think so.Your cell phone number is a micromail number. I can add you in a moment. I don't think so. How can I contact you to remember if we have a platform? I see you're studying on our platform.I don't think so.I've also studied.	labels:Yeah, I think my platform is there.
text:How did you get your message on my side, did you report it to me or did I call it direct?	labels:Do you think he'll be fine?
text:Yeah, but it needs me to send you this link so you can click in and see it's a special course, so let's give it to me.	labels:I'll add it.
text:Okay, I'll give it to you now? Okay, 1575797689768. Yes, 71387338. Yes, I'm East City of Chen Hae-hye. You're three o'clock.	labels:Okay, how about you later?
text:Mr. Kwok.	labels:Hello.
text:I'm from the Qingzhou Academy. We have a colleague who visited you last year. Do you remember?	labels:I don't know.
text:Yeah, we're learning platforms, and when we went there, we realized that you didn't have a point down there, and you used our data platforms.	labels:It's useless. When does the data platform use the data platform?
text:It's you guys down there.	labels:I'd like to say that you've never been to our school.
text:My colleague here at the Youth Academy wrote that he had visited you before.	labels:That's not the way to ask me. I'm sure I don't know when the bank is.
text:You are.	labels:What did you do?I don't think so.I said, Mr. Kwok, what do you want now?
text:I'd like to ask if you're using a platform for teaching now, or just like before.	labels:We're going to use the online platform, but we're not sure who's doing this.
text:Now that's how you plan to do it.	labels:What do you charge now? You charge first. We must charge up to $100, one student up to two and a half years.I don't think so.The cost must be here, and we may not be able to go any higher than that, after all, because our specialties and our own admissions to school have little income from the school administration, so you certainly charge less for it.
text:How many of us do we have every year? How many have we got this year?	labels:Over 600.
text:It's like last year, because I saw my colleague talking in the store, and last year I recruited 670 people for it.	labels:What I'm telling you now is that if you have ideas or something, you can start by thinking about the price, and we're asking you to get more than 60 per cent on the platform.
text:Can fit in.	labels:That's 60 per cent, and then we'll have one course per semester, and then there's a teacher in this class. Although it's going to be broadcast and recorded in advance, it's going to be uploaded directly to the platform, but it's not for us, it's for us.I don't think so.Then there's only one box like this, and the remaining subjects plus a combination must be 60 per cent, and in addition to what we offer, you must be 60 per cent, that's what it is, and that's what it's all about.
text:The courses you're offering yourself are two special courses in cooking and flying.	labels:Either we're a student or we're a student. We offer a course in a special course every semester. Then the rest of the course needs to be 60%.
text:That's definitely okay.	labels:If I get 60 per cent plus ours, it must be nearly 70 per cent or more, depending on your 60 per cent, that's how much that number is.I don't think so.So it's the first, it's a hard indicator plus a point, and that's what's left of it, because it's the most hard one, and many people may not accept it, so what I'm telling you right now is that you tell me something else, that you think about it or not, and then we say something else, and we also think about a platform's safety specifications, and that you might say a lot, but I think that you can do it first, and then we talk about everything else.I don't think so.Because I already told you what our needs are, because we told your boss that you don't have to let him talk to me, or say what you're saying, what your colleagues are saying, what they're saying, and what they're saying before. There's a lot different now and before, right?I don't think so.Of course, some of the problems we ask for in this course are those of course that we need you to upload and upload, that you can't use on other platforms, that you can't use on others, that we can only use, that you have to guarantee, and that the safety of the entire platform of the students must be guaranteed, and that there is no leaking of information, including other cyber security backstages, which may be an upgrading criterion or a scope for us to test.I don't think so.So you can't be the master teacher because you can't do it yourself. Aren't you the responsible teacher in the region? If you go up there, Mr. Kwok.
text:I'm here to say that the course matches more than 60 per cent of what you're offering, and I'm not doing it right now, and I don't know what the result is, but I'm going to have to get your plan to match it.	labels:You don't have to say anything about the teaching plan, which means you're 60% good enough now, plus my course, and then we'll talk about the following if you think we can. If you think you're taking this course too much or too low in this case, then if we talk about it, it doesn't make sense for me to send you a message, right?I don't think so.Because I'm thinking about all of your platforms, including what you're supposed to be talking about, and what you're supposed to be doing with a platform like this, and you're sure that some of the courses you're going to have are going to have a certain degree, because we're going to have 50 percent of our public and public classes, which means a little bit of one or two of our professional classes, that's enough, so it's not possible for me to have two classes in my curriculum, not two courses in a single course.I don't think so.That's right, all we have to do is keep track of what the platform can do. It's not a problem, but it's a problem.I don't think so.And the other one is that you deserve this, don't you agree?I don't think so.I think you have to go back if you need to.
text:I'm sure this match will be fine. I'll tell you the match, including the match rate for your course, but the price you say I don't think there's any floor in the market for this right now, and I think you're the price.	labels:It doesn't make any sense to you to look like you guys. You don't know what else you want me to send you. You don't know what else you're sending or what you're sending, do you?I don't think so.So when you get the impression that something's hard, let's not waste the rest of our time, I'll tell you, and then you can match or say what you can do under these conditions, how far you're going to go, and I think it's you who should go back and talk to me, and you're telling me this now, and we're not gonna be able to fix it, because your price is low, right?I don't think so.And then you're going to have a class like this, and if it's a public school, it's not a private school, it's all a school. Of course, it's not. It's not because it's a concession, right?I don't think so.On the same terms, let's say that your platform is doing almost as much as it is, and it's just as complicated as it is.I don't think so.We've been in touch, not to say no, and we've been here a lot, and I don't know who introduced you and suddenly called you.
text:I was with my colleague last year. Maybe you don't remember. I'll ask you, if you say it's the right price, when are you sure?	labels:We're next year.
text:This year.	labels:Because next year will have to be used, the first half of this year will have to start at hand, because the first half of this year you were involved in the immediate introduction of new euphemisms.
text:Well, I know all about your needs, and I'm with us.	labels:Because I know who I'm talking to, and you can't do anything, and even if you promise me something, maybe when you hang up and report back to the leader, it's all over.I don't think so.I've been through this before, so I think I'm going to tell you what we're asking, and I'm going to go back and coordinate it with you, or you're going to tell me what you can do, and I'm going to tell you what you can do, and I'm going to report it to the school, and we're going to lead this piece, and we're going to ask you to come over, and if we're going to think that he's got something on his face and something else, it's better than anything else, or maybe we're going to give it up at this point.I don't think so.So you're gonna have to go back and coordinate this, and I'm gonna have to talk to you about my request.
text:You're asking for a price of about 100,100, aren't you?	labels:Yeah, that's our price.
text:All right, I know about it, because we've been talking to the dean before, and he said it was about 150 or so.	labels:He can't go blind. I can tell you that. I can find a lot of homes.
text:What have you been in touch with?I don't think so.Like Red Dust and Superstars should have been there.	labels:I'm sure I can't tell you who I'm talking to, so you always think you don't want to ask me about this, and we're going to choose who we want, and we're going to look at it on terms, and then you can give us who we call or who consults you, just talk about your own business, and you don't need to know how much other people can pay, and I know what courses I know.
text:I don't think there's much you can do at this price at this school, I'll be honest with you.	labels:Well, if you choose not to, fine, because the leader says the same thing about my price, because I'm not doing it for us, I'm not doing it for me, I can't tell you how much I say, right?
text:Who is this? I'm from the Youth Academy, and we've been in touch with you last year, and I've been in touch with President Liu before, but he says he's back now, and you're in charge of it. Yeah, and we're still trying to tell you how we're using the platform now, because of the red dust you used before, and we're saying it's due to expire this year. Is it renewed? If it's renewed, what do we say, or do we want to see if there's anything we can do? We don't need to bother.I don't think so.I've been cleaning up a lot.	labels:We use red dust for the time being, because this platform has been perfected step by step, and so far we have used it well, and we are still in the process of negotiating, that is, we are still in the process of being perfected, so we may follow suit.
text:What time do you renew it? It's the second half of this year.	labels:The renewal should not have come yet, we're all six years old.
text:Has it been six years?	labels:So is it three years? How do I feel right?
text:I heard that I should have seen my classmates visit last year, or called you, and then he recorded it as if you were going to expire this year or next year, and I came here to bother you again, or I wouldn't have called to bother you.	labels:I don't remember very well, because I'm not in my office now, and I can't see the contract, but I'm here because for the time being we're asking him to help us with some of the electronic materials that we're still working on.
text:It is true that we understand that if you use it well and are willing to renew it, we will certainly not mess with it again. Yes, we still want us to do the same thing as the Red Dust idea, and we want to help the school solve some of the real problems.I don't think so.Which one of you is the Dean with? They're doing all right, aren't they?	labels:Yeah, they're very good at the service, so if there's a problem, it'll help you fix it first.
text:Well, because Yuan was in charge of this piece or Lee Dong-Tung, and then this year it seems like he's changed to summer.I don't think so.I contacted several schools.	labels:Mr. Natsumi, he was like that before he got in touch with us.
text:Well, if there's time for us to visit, and if there's time for an exchange, I hope you can also say that you have an opportunity to learn about our platform, but if there's something you think we can help with later, you can have a little trouble, and we're willing to do the same.	labels:All right.
text:I don't know if it's time for you to ask you to join us.	labels:About when?
text:It appears that the beginning of August was 878 August.	labels:I'll see more of this summer's work by then, and we'll probably be at work in August, so early.I don't think so.Because if you graduate, you have to go to school early, and then we're going to work together. Okay, that's fine.
text:I'll give you a message here, and I'll send you this material. If you want to do it directly, look at it. We'll talk about it later.	labels:All right, you put me in a micro-mail. That's the number.
text:Good-bye.	labels:It's okay. It's okay.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is this Mr. Rowe? Hello, I'm here to consult with the man who signed up because I'm a friend who recommended it to me.	labels:Did you just take Ben?I don't think so.He can't protect himself from high school. You want to report it, right?
text:We're not leaving the college by ourselves now, are we?	labels:Sun Si-seok, you can hire you to go to the adult exam first.
text:Right, right? I'd like to ask you, can we report for the matriculation exam?	labels:Yes, it has only one high-end access to modern communications technology and two main outlets for marketing.
text:You're talking about the market, aren't you?	labels:Marketing is it.
text:Yes, I wanted to be a market professional.	labels:You're going to go in, you're going to check out the adult entrance exam, and then you're going to fill in the volunteer, and we're going to check it out.
text:I'd like to know how many people we're recruiting this year.I don't think so.These two.	labels:Many of the professional projects are close to 50 people, but usually not all last year's stuff. If there's anything to be done, it's basically shrinking, not just most of us.
text:Let's talk about Xian, I'm going to go to a college like this, and I'm probably asking, there's a lot of schools out there, and he's advising me to help with some kind of extension, and I'm not sure.	labels:You know, you can go to our high school.
text:We're in the middle of something. I don't even know what to do with this one, do I?	labels:Two channels, two or two, are not the two sides, because the million-enhanced campaign of the High Tests is a political task, and the second is that the civil-one platform is a political mission of a country that can and cannot be carried out from a high point of view.
text:Okay, I'll think about it. I'll see which one is easier to graduate.	labels:It must be easy to graduate.
text:Okay? I'll ask you again.	labels:It's cheap and cheap. Graduation is mostly after you. Adults are full-time.
text:How do dozens of us learn every year, teacher? I'm going to school, if I report to marketing.	labels:We're going to learn to walk, and as I told you, it's online, and you're not going to school on the line right now.
text:I asked several schools, and they said it was online, but they all said it, but they all said it, too few people, some of them with high-level promotions, and I don't understand anything.	labels:But your promotion, your doctor, has to have blood sugar when you pass, because his basics are basically the same, management is different because you're doing the same things in your profession, but if you're a doctor, you might separate, and that's the difference, because you're in the same class, you're in the home during the day, so he's in the same curriculum, and there's nothing he can put together, or he's a teacher.
text:I can ask you here what we've got here is a more specialized school, because I don't care how many people we've got, and I'm not sure I can report it.	labels:So I'm telling you who I'm telling you that I can't tell you that we're in no trouble, that there's no one else, that you said that last year we didn't call, that this is the official unit of the state, that the education department taught him that he was not a money-earning unit, that you're doing the same thing with 50 people to sign up, you know what I mean? Yeah. You just have to do this. You've got to do this. You've got to pay your student's tuition, and you've got to spend it on the student, but you know what I mean?I don't think so.If your student brings you in, he'll have to figure out a way to tell you that you're going to graduate, and then he'll learn something like that, say he's less or less, but you don't think about it, say you're graduating or there's a problem in the middle.I don't think so.We're not going to talk about it, because we're not going to talk about it, because you're going to call me, and I'm going to stand up, and you're going to have to do anything about it, and you're going to have to do anything about it. You're going to have to say, like, you're going to sign up, you're going to sign up, you're going to sign up, you're going to sign up, you're going to sign up, you're going to sign up, you're going to sign up, you're going to sign up, you're going to sign up, you're going to sign up.
text:I get it. Look, can I ask you a favor, or can I just introduce you to some of our more specialized colleges here? Let me ask you something.I don't think so.I asked a few more questions.	labels:I'm telling you, that's why you can run this school. You don't know anything at any energy college, but there's a lot of, uh, guys who don't hire anyway, and he's a lot of students who don't. That's what you call it.I don't think so.I'm sure you can ask at all public institutions now, but what's going on with them is not that you might have reported less than two or three of his individual professions, for example, that his profession exists for you, that he can't do it without you, that he won't be able to do it, that he won't be able to do it, that he won't be able to put you in another school, and that's good for you.I don't think so.All schools are supposed to have an adult admission plan, but you're in short supply anyway.
text:All right, I'll say it myself.	labels:It's not the last time this year, either, because it's nothing, because you said it was hard to do it, because nobody wants to do it.
text:All right, I know. Thank you, sir. It's him, isn't it?	labels:But one thing you believe is that it's a public school, and he lets you out, so he doesn't have any problems.
text:Hello, is this Miss Zhao Yin Zhao? Sir, I'm here at the beginning of the year. We're here to make a deal. Yes, how's our admission this year?	labels:I'm not in charge of this piece.
text:You're not in charge of this piece. You're in charge of this piece.	labels:Our students buy their own books, and we are not responsible for providing them with teaching materials.
text:We're doing the platform learning piece.	labels:Do we have a platform at our cooperative college?
text:You're your own students.	labels:I don't know if there's a platform for my students.
text:Mr. Wang, I'm from Qing's school. We've been in touch with you since last year. Yes, I'd like to ask if we've already built this platform.	labels:Yeah, we built the platform ourselves.
text:I built it myself.	labels:Right.
text:It's already been used.I don't think so.It's a network set up for you in the back, isn't it?	labels:Right.
text:Look at us back there because you said you'd work with the internet hall and let them help you build your own?	labels:It's not some network we're looking for.
text:It's the company out there that's helping your company to develop a platform alone, isn't it?	labels:We paid for it ourselves.
text:Do you have a project in a group of countries that can approve funds for recording, because I've seen so many of these vocational colleges do it, or do we pay for it ourselves?	labels:Part of it is self-financed, part of it is given by someone else.
text:Hello, teacher.	labels:Is this Teacher Cheung?
text:You said ahh-hmm.	labels:Hi, I just hit Hangzhou Station at the Southwest Forestry University, and then I wanted to check up on Chen, and he said he'd contact you.
text:Refer to registration.	labels:I'd like to consult.
text:When he sign up for our ranking, Mr. Lee will tell you.	labels:Good work.
text:That's good not too much.I don't think so.Hello, teacher.	labels:I just wanted to ask him what the process was, because he just contacted him and then he contacted the University of Forestry, which was where they were going to educate, and he said that he was going to contact you directly, and I didn't know very well, and he gave me one of you.
text:You want to raise your education first or what?I don't think so.You can raise your education. Do you see if you're in Kunming or where you are? Me.	labels:The civil registry is Kunming's, but I'm not here. I'm in the field, so I'd like to ask what it is.
text:Uh, you see, what's your education now?	labels:I'm a specialist now.
text:Did you get a college diploma?	labels:Got it for years.
text:If you get it, you'll get it as a centenary. It's three years.I don't think so.This is the case with the three-year school system, which means that the procedure is as follows: formal admission in September; then you choose the university to choose a profession; at the end of October of October of each year, Yunnan also has a national examination; the examination is simpler; at the end of October the examination is followed by a letter of acceptance at the end of December and early January of the following year; for example, when you apply for a university, the letter of admission arrives; and then when we arrive, the notice of leakage is processed by the end of March.I don't think so.The exchange of annual tuition fees for the districts was made in 2000 for each university on the official web site.	labels:I saw it. I saw it for 2,000 dollars a year.
text:Yeah, pay the tuition on the website. What's the most important thing about the class? If you're in the province, you say you're in college, you're in Kunming, you're in the second half of the class, and then you're in the class, you're in the class, you're in the class, you're in the class, you're in the class, you're in the class, you're in the class, you're in the class, you're in the class, you're in the class, you're in the class, you're in the class, you're in the class, you're in the class, you're in the class, you're in the department.I don't think so.He's the school teacher, he's got the exams, and then we'll send you the subjects for these exams, and we'll send you them, and you'll sit and I'll finish it, send it to us, and we'll give it to the school, and that's it.	labels:All right, let me ask you, I was just asking about the Southwest Forest, and I wanted to see if our online learning platform was their network, and I called it up, and he had an APP on his side, right?
text:Evil breath.	labels:That's right. It's from the Southwest Forestry University, isn't it?
text:For the school district of the Southwest Forestry University, Plass, for the first time on this platform.	labels:I'd like to ask if this platform is charged? It's free.
text:He means it's included in the tuition fee of $2,000 for the semester.	labels:No extra charge, right?
text:No, it's because it's the Internet class, which is his platform, and it's on the Internet. He's a bad learner. The tuition fees for the year 2000 that you usually teach, that is, all the fees for online learning, are included in the tuition fees of $2,000, and no extra fees are required.	labels:Good teacher, let me ask you again, can we take the exam here?
text:Where are you?	labels:It's on the platform, and it's gonna be on it.
text:If he asks for a part of the exam on the platform, then a part of the client needs to come to the school because you can't do it in the field, as I just said, if you need to go to the part of the exam, the client will send you the papers, that's all.I don't think so.If you're in Kunming, we're in Kunming, but you come to the school and you don't send it to you if you're not in Kunming, right?I don't think so.Teacher.	labels:I'd also like to ask if you're recruiting only for the Southwest Forestry University. Do I have any other schools to choose?
text:Yes, we also have medical science and technology universities in our teaching community at Yunnan Financial and Economic University, and here we are.	labels:You can learn that online, right?
text:The University of Finance and Economics is a university of finance, and it's mostly a few if it goes to study, he's a major if it's a class, he's a major if it's, uh, there's a lot of classes in the school, and if it's your test, you're going to give it to you. You read it yourself, because you're on the outside.	labels:They didn't learn it online, either, did they?
text:No, he hasn't set up the orientation, mostly in pepper water, but he actually taught it.	labels:I saw them with a platform like this, and I saw them with a platform like this.I don't think so.I thought so.
text:No, it was not, but his course was taught in a practical manner, and he had not yet launched a platform for road learning, which had now been launched.I don't think so.This National University, the school with which I work, the University of Nationalities, and the University of the Southwest Forestry, are learning this brand in hugs, which is the case.	labels:They're all learning plus, aren't they?
text:It's not the same, it's the collection, it's the platform, because there's still a little bit of a difference between each university's learning platform, and now it's a campus at the University of New South Forestry, that's all. Okay.	labels:I'll take a look at it. I'm trying to learn a piece of civil wood. Which one do you think would be better?
text:A professional civil engineering project in construction is a big Southwest forestry project. Good.	labels:Teacher, what was that book you were talking about?
text:It's also a platform for learning brands.	labels:Which school is it?
text:Actually, we're using a lot of schools, you know, and then we're using the light?	labels:Do you want to collect the money?
text:Whether to charge or not is included in the tuition fee.	labels:All right, all right. Thank you very much. Okay.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:You just called me, didn't you?
text:You're Mr. Hu, right?	labels:Right.
text:Hi, I'm here with Wuhan Qingmingtai and I just saw you in our system with a message advice examination system, right?	labels:Yeah, I'm calling you like an official number and you're never answering.
text:What do you want to know?	labels:We have training here, and then some of them are adults.I don't think so.And I'd like to ask you guys, you don't have that kind of examination system, and I'd like to know this because we have some problems with students coming over, and we'd like to see if there's an online examination system that we can use.I don't think so.Right.
text:Long-term training, followed by a remote online examination.	labels:There are several pieces for us, one of which has become a student for that school, and a part of which is an examination of the type of teacher's certificate.I don't think so.Training, right.I don't think so.Then I'd like to know if there's any recommendation for the system in the section of the exam, and the students on our side he's probably not coming back because we used to ask him to come back for the exam.
text:Well, well, we have an Ai Rentb Online Examination Platform, which is designed primarily for this remote online examination, which means that the student and the old man are logging into our platform remotely, and then we send this subject to him in the backstage, and he can take the examination, so that in the course of the examination we can have a certain function of monitoring his examination process, and then, after the examination, his file is recycled into the system, and if the teacher is reading the paper remotely, he can wait for the recording of a voice viewer in the system.	labels:Let me interrupt, because I'm on your side of the network. What kind of product did you just introduce?
text:One of this piece of the first iPhone online examination platform on the product.	labels:He's a real cheater, isn't he?
text:Right.	labels:I'd like to ask you if we're going to do it ourselves. We're going to import it into your platform and then you're going to generate it for the students.
text:If you want to give us the content of this subject, at least in one way, you can make the coupons yourself, or you can give them to us for sale.	labels:What do I say about this system? Although I charge for the number of students, I buy one of your systems, and then I buy the fee according to the system.
text:As a general rule, we charge for this test according to service, the number of your examinations and the corresponding number of sections.	labels:Depending on the service fee, for example, when I'm alone, he's going to take a few classes and see how this is done.
text:Then we'll have to charge in the division room.	labels:Fees per person per section.
text:Right.	labels:How much is the charge?
text:If the approximate price is not clear to me, I can get our sales colleague to contact you and ask him to give you the corresponding offer.	labels:Okay.I don't think so.How do I get in touch with him?I don't think so.You could have asked him to put me in a message.
text:Hello, Mr. Chu. Hello, Mr. Sue. I'm a little rusty here, and we're a part of the learning platform, and we're a part of the learning platform.	labels:Before.
text:There were colleagues who visited you before, and then you said there was a small number of students, so you didn't go on the platform, and you wanted to know how you're learning for the students now.	labels:Where are you?
text:I'm a high school of books, a high school of books.	labels:Where's the penitentiary again?
text:Where do you think our company is, or do we still say I can?	labels:Where's the company? In Changji, in Shin City Taiwon.
text:We're Nanjing's company, and we had a lot of cooperative schools on your side of the mountain, like Taifu and Yamato, and then Taihara's all co-operative schools, and there's 10 schools on our platform here in Shanxi.	labels:You can take classes on the platform, right?
text:First, there are two parts of our platform, one of which is pedagogic management, and you students start with school enrolment, and then you start with a pre-recruiting name, and then you start with it, and then you go to the back, and you go to the back, and you go to graduation management, and we all have a full-flow management system. And then there is a learning system for the students, and the students can read directly on our platform, and we have a ready curriculum, and as long as you give us a plan, you can get ready, then the students can study directly on it.I don't think so.What do you do now?	labels:Nothing.
text:How many students do you enrol each year this year? You have a lot of expertise.	labels:More than a thousand, more than a thousand.
text:How do we work together? We're all one way to work together on this side of Shanxi. We'll send e-books to students instead of paper books. Do you still buy paper books for students? No. If we don't buy them, how do they learn?	labels:They bought it on the Internet.
text:We'll give students the same thing, for example, you'll work with us, and then we'll give them e-books, students, and then our platform will be free for the school, which is the equivalent of a student who might have paid them to buy this part of the e-book instead of their previous paper books.	labels:The platform is for free cooperation, yes.
text:We're not allowed to charge students because the platform is not allowed, it's a State regulation, but because we're all going to buy paper books, but we're going to make them available in the form of e-books and in the form of voluntary purchases.I don't think so.Right.	labels:How did that platform class go? That class is...
text:Classes are ours.	labels:The curriculum doesn't learn.
text:We've got a whole class. Look at us working with Taigeys and schools like Shanxi Technologies, and these are, and Taiyuan Science and Technology, and we've given them all together. And there's a part, for example, of the courses they have, which we didn't have in our previous school collection, and we'll work with them to buy them, and then we'll have access to them, including the same professions that you have with them, so you can use one of the school's modules, so it's better for the students, and they can go to a good school like this.	labels:When was the last time you worked with you for this? That's how you did it.
text:You think we're on the same platform now, don't you?I don't think so.Now, have you talked to any of the other platforms?	labels:Nothing.
text:You're responsible for the deal, aren't you? Because I think you know better about the deal, including the teaching section.	labels:What's going on?
text:You've started school, haven't you? Me.	labels:School starts now with me.
text:You'll be here next week to find you at school, won't you?	labels:You call me first.
text:I'll meet you next week, Monday or Tuesday, and I'll check in early, and then I'll meet with you.I don't think so.And then we'll talk about it more specifically.	labels:If you come tomorrow, contact me in advance.
text:Okay, here's your cell number. I'll add you later, no.	labels:This is my office phone, not my cell phone.
text:I'm playing back number 138 with Eddie.	labels:My office phone is a mobile number.
text:I'll talk to you on the phone. I'll be able to reach you on the phone at any time. Okay, I'll be fine.I don't think so.I'll contact you at work. I'll contact you at work. I'll send you a message when I see you.	labels:Now.
text:How's the enrolment going this year? I see you've got a lot of expertise this year.	labels:We're talking now.
text:Yeah, I'm on it, too.	labels:Right.
text:Hello, is this Chongqing Teacher College?	labels:What are you talking about?
text:I'd like to consult about the matriculation exam.	labels:New NCE signed you up for this call.
text:Teacher, because there was something I didn't know about, he called me and he introduced our school, and I wanted to come over and make sure that he could learn online.	labels:You're making that call because they're the institutions that make the admissions, and we're not supposed to commission them.
text:I don't know what it is or what it is.	labels:You make that call, they need to know better, okay.
text:I'll give you a good report.	labels:653644323432. Good or 3435. Okay, I'll write it down.
text:Hello, Dean Chu.	labels:Where are you?
text:This is what I'm getting off to. We're a learning platform. We've been talking to President Han all along, and then he says he's been transferred before the holidays, and then he's gonna call you later.	labels:Yeah, how are you doing now? I don't see the platform. I don't know what the platform is. I don't see anything when you get there.
text:Now that you have a pedagogic platform called Red Dust, then President Han was supposed to have three learning platforms, and the students were going to learn about it, so your platform was supposed to be planned, but because you're moving, and then you may delay what we want.	labels:You're already doing it. They're already trying, aren't they?I don't think so.Still no use.
text:It's not working yet, it's not working yet, so we're going to start by talking to you again.	labels:I just had a meeting with the department yesterday, and they said there was already a system in use.
text:A managed system is in use, and it is not a system of management versus a system of learning.	labels:It has no funding.
text:We're also more flexible in our approach, and it's the part of the funds we have to think about later. Let's see if we can make sure that we meet one of the needs of our school.	labels:It's like you haven't signed the final agreement. You haven't done anything, have you?
text:Yeah, so we thought about waiting until the start of the school, because you just came and didn't talk about it, so we'd like to talk to you about it in person.I don't think so.Yeah? I don't know when you're going to school.	labels:We're starting early.
text:There should be no impact on Zhejiang's side.	labels:Where are you?
text:Our company is from Nanking.	labels:But we can't move in the disaster zone with Nanjing.
text:Without us in Nanjing, we were already on the Zhejiang side because I was in charge of Zhejiang.I don't think so.Yes, it's always been in Zhejiang, and I haven't been there.	labels:That's right? Right.I don't think so.I don't know exactly what's going on in school control right now, because I'm on vacation recently, but I'm at work and I'm at work, but I don't know exactly what the situation is.
text:That's right. What if you're on duty now?I don't think so.Really not.	labels:I have a job. I'll come over and I'll work a lot.
text:I don't have this.	labels:I was in charge of just two departments, and now I add one department to three.
text:You've got a lot of work to do. You haven't handed over your library work yet.	labels:There's no librarian.
text:That's me. You must be tired.	labels:There's also a training centre where the director of the training room is in charge of this.
text:Director, you were at the library. If you're talking about this platform, you should be more involved. I know.	labels:So you're telling you the platform, so I understand.I don't think so.Right.
text:So then this platform will have to worry about joining it, and they'll certainly want to be part of it.	labels:Now I'm trying to figure out if he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money.I don't think so.From my point of view, from my personal perspective, including my former company, it is unlikely that this can be done.
text:Yes, it is.I don't think so.That's what the Dean said. Have you been here lately, or have you had something to do before today?	labels:I'm basically coming and going, and I'm not fixed because I'm on board, and I'm having a meeting this afternoon, and I'm going to take care of some things in the office after the meeting.
text:Because I'm on the side of Zhejiang, so I'd like to see if you'll be a little free for the summer, and I'll come over and talk to you for the summer, and then you can tell me if you can come in.	labels:I don't know if I can still come in. Now listen to us.
text:I see you didn't apply for me here.	labels:You've got a trip card or something, you've got a trip card or something.
text:It's okay. I'm in Zhejiang.I don't think so.It's all in Zhejiang, not in Hangzhou.	labels:But why don't you send me the plan first? I'll take a look at it first.
text:Let's just add your message, shall we?	labels:I'm on this phone number.
text:Fine, I'm...	labels:Now you're calling me to be moving.
text:Hello, Mrs. Geng, I'm a bit of an aloof, and we're a learning platform. Are we working on it? No, the Green School, we visited him in 1819, when he was in charge of the hospital, when he wasn't there, and then he didn't come back, and now he wants to ask if you're a lot of people.I don't think so.Right.	labels:Now we're going to school, and I'm going to have to report this to the headmaster, so you can add my letter and send me some information about our platform.
text:Okay.	labels:Do you have a paper version or an electronic version?
text:We have a paper version of the electronic version here, and we'd like to come over and see when you start.	labels:After the beginning of school, it is likely that it will be completed in mid-September.
text:All right, I'll take it from here.	labels:You put me on a note, my cell number is my signal, you give me a copy of the electronic material, okay.
text:Do you really want to have a platform to run and teach this piece?	labels:Yeah, the school too.
text:It is being examined that you are now in harmony in Shandong, that there may be more schools to work with, and that you have no contact with them.	labels:Because we're also looking at it.I don't think so.Every platform will look at it.
text:All right, I'll do whatever you want with me. You said it's a bit busy, and then we'll see the 10th of September and we'll talk to you later.I don't think so.If you'll excuse me first, I'll come and talk to you in person.	labels:Anyway, let's add my message. You give me the electronic material first.
text:I'll do it in a minute.	labels:And then you send me one of these, mainly about our platform functionality and so on.
text:It's okay.I don't think so.If you say you don't know anything about the micro-mail, you don't see it. You do it directly with me, and then I can see if there's any more details, and then I'll send it back. My first edition might be a brochure for us, or maybe it's a little less.	labels:All right, do you guys have a platform?
text:I'm more concerned.I don't think so.The platform ' s functional development is about how teaching is built, teaching is government and teaching is a subject.	labels:You guys have class resources, don't you?
text:How many professional students do you have now for the dean, and we can make you a copy that matches the course, and see how we match the course with you.	labels:We now have seven professionals.
text:Seven professionals, we'll get you a plan, we'll match you, see how we match your curriculum.	labels:Now.
text:Do you have one of those specialties, like some of those that might be, that might be a bit lower, like coal, if not normally?	labels:You're talking about a more alternative comparison.I don't think so.Yeah, we're a public professional.
text:Well, I'll put you on a note later, and then I'll turn me over to one of our functions.	labels:Okay, because this is what we do later, and I'm sure I'm comfortable with what we're going to say, and it's not possible to say that today's for sure too.I don't think so.And then you send me one, like an operation manual, and you can't say an operation manual until it's built like this.
text:Hello, Mr. Lee. How are you? I'm worried about you. Can you talk now?	labels:Super-new about anything.
text:Supernova, we're a learning platform for the platform.	labels:I'm on it now. Okay.
text:You're pro-poor or something, aren't you?	labels:No, I came by the mountains to enroll.
text:I'm going to be brief here, and I'm going to talk to you briefly, and we've got a learning platform and we've got this deal.	labels:We've already been to the learning platform.
text:Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.	labels:It's working.
text:Because any of our colleagues followed you up last year, and we saw that it was useful, but now come and see how you use it and see if we have any follow-up opportunity, which is the opportunity to provide services.	labels:Why don't you contact our office?
text:The office? Who's in charge of this?	labels:Chief of Staff Tang Jiang. 81319948131994.
text:Who's the teacher in charge of this?	labels:It's the Yangtze, isn't it?
text:Hello, Chief Zhang. I'm from the Qing Pong School.	labels:Hello. What's up?
text:Well, we had a colleague who visited you before, and I don't know if you remember. We're dealing with this platform because I think he's recording that we're working with Red Dust this year. You might be here.	labels:23 years 2019 20212221.
text:You're not working together, three sessions in 192021, so let's see if there's a chance for us in 22 years.	labels:When are you coming over?
text:We'd like to come over and visit because we'll see when your time is convenient.	labels:Why don't you just wait till school starts? You'll be off soon.
text:We can start school, but we're primarily in charge of the platform, right?I don't think so.Yeah. How do you feel about the Red Dust side? That's how you compare the idea, because if you use it well, we certainly don't have to go.	labels:It's okay, we're doing it right now, basically.
text:Do they, for example, meet school requirements in all aspects of the classroom function?	labels:Basics they're now improving a lot, constantly processing, yes.
text:Because we also have contact with them on our side.I don't think so.Now is our dean still the former Dean Lee? Not the other way around.	labels:Changed first.
text:Did you just change it this year?	labels:Right.
text:I see that you have not changed the message of your leader, but it is written by President Lee and President Huang.	labels:This one's new. It's not for June.
text:Changed at the beginning of June. Okay. When are you off?	labels:If you come, I suggest you go home.
text:Well, you like to borrow it from yourselves. If you want to renew it with Red Du, when are you going to check it out? I'm sure you're going to do it right away, because students are about to start enrolling in October.	labels:You can get the second half of the year in the long run.
text:Good, because we have a leader from Texas, too, because he might want to visit you directly when he comes home, I don't know.	labels:We're actually going to look at your platform, look at your service. For me in Hunan, what I'm doing today, I'm pretty sure I feel good about myself. We've been in touch with the big platform a few times.
text:It is true that we now have the same opportunity as you now, and we want to fight for it, that is the same thing.	labels:From the point of departure that we use ourselves, we are not very willing to change, because it is a cost to learn at first hand, yes.I don't think so.That's right, what, because you have a very good price and a very good service.
text:So we wanted to come over and communicate, and if we don't, you'll surely say, for example, that we might have an advantage against the dust, or that you might want you to develop what you see.	labels:About what time?I don't think so.You probably have a time.
text:We think that if you're at school recently, I can arrange for colleagues to come over tomorrow or the day after tomorrow. Or you.	labels:What's next week? Do you want to see the Red Dust platform, or do you want us to see your platform?
text:If you want to show us, you can compare the two platforms. Because you're also going to have to renew it with Red Dust or you're looking at it, and even if you want to go now, it's a little more likely, but now we're relative.	labels:It's gotta be a little more likely, yeah.
text:So we'd like to come over here and get you a look at our platform, that's what you're attracted to. Is that what that means?	labels:That's all.
text:You said price functional services in all their aspects.	labels:Why don't you come by tomorrow morning?
text:All right, then I'll see if any of my colleagues can come over, and I'll ask him to call you directly. Do you want to leave a phone number?	labels:Didn't you have a cell phone number before?
text:We're both RAM numbers.	labels:It's possible to keep a cell phone number.
text:Can you give me a cell phone number? I'll tell you when I'm in charge of this co-worker. I'll check it out.	labels:I'll ask you how many families in your province use that for you.
text:Why don't I tell you about it? Like last year's Red Dust for our platform, like Jiangsu University of Technology, that's a good one.	labels:I'll choose to expand the team later.
text:We used red dust before last year, and now we're going to Jiangkoda.	labels:Not in town.I don't think so.For the town, it used to be a pilot, for the model. It's yours today.
text:Yeah, well, if it's easy for us now, you can go and see, and then we can.	labels:I'm sure it's very well known, yes.
text:We can also make an appointment with you at this school, we can talk to each other, we can take you on an appointment, and we can arrange a trip for you.I don't think so.And now there's something bigger than Nanjing Audit University in South Province.	labels:Is it for the South Judge?
text:South Province's been with us for years, 16, 17 years or 15 years, and it's been working with us for years anyway.	labels:Right?
text:There are more than 10 units in Jiangsu's 2nd Division. I'll report one to you. I'll give you a few first. We're more typical, like Jiangsu's second.	labels:It's a double special, isn't it?
text:Started in 2020. Yeah, I said recently.	labels:It's the right thing to use last year, and I know that after the meeting from the province in 1918, everyone's been working, yeah.I don't think so.I don't hear much of you coming here the last time, and there's not a single platform that you could have been telling the truth at that time.
text:Yeah, we're not going to be like before. We have all the models, like Brother Jiang.	labels:You can come and see it. I said I'd watch TV, yeah.
text:I'll leave you a cell phone number so I can add your micromail for 77111138.	labels:014701410001100.
text:Can I add this to your letter?	labels:It's good for you. Okay, we'll talk about two more guys.
text:One of the heads of the Jiangsu side of our side, this area of Jiangsu, is under his sole responsibility, including what I mentioned earlier, such as Jiangkota and so on.	labels:Where are all the headquarters?
text:Just in Nanjing, where we used to be based in Suzhou, we always have to do it now because moving to Nanjing would be better in all aspects of corporate development.	labels:Let me ask you again, are you buying out or in the form of a service?
text:We're a service form. I'm sure I'd like to make it clear to you.	labels:They bought one million from them before, like.
text:He was primarily a cooperative management platform, and certainly you know the teaching area, and now he's learning the section, and now we're mainly all about it, and so are we.	labels:It's all in the form of a letter-raising service. How much do you think you're going to cost a litre a student?
text:I'll tell you the truth, it depends on the size of the student, and then it's going to have some impact on each of their subjects, around $300, and I can only give you an approximate figure.	labels:300 bucks.I don't think so.Yeah, the red one's not even there, the red one's less than 250.
text:I think it's up to us to look at the number of students and so on. We're working with Jiangkoda here, because I'm not dealing with a very specific price aspect. I can only give you one of our approximate prices, and you can talk to our colleagues here.	labels:Be good, that's it.
text:How do you do? Is this the teacher from Pan-China Insurance?	labels:Who is it?
text:It's 11 for me. Where was the insurance at the bank?I don't think so.Umu had a simple conversation with you at the All-Star Lecturer's Competition at the Bank Insurance Package. Don't you remember?I don't think so.I'll just...I don't think so.I remember when you said you used to go back to the insurance industry, and yes, so I talked a little more simply about it, and here's the thing about the URL platform, which we supported at the All-Star Lecturer Competition.	labels:And then you signed up, didn't you?
text:You should be.	labels:Did you report it? But I didn't hand it over, did I?
text:Yeah, and then, the game was over, and then the finals came up, and they had 67 lecturers in the finals, and then their work was shown on our platform. So here's what I want to share with you, which means you can see their work as soon as you're on our platform, and I don't know if you're interested in looking at it.	labels:You have a message for me, don't you?
text:I guess I didn't, and now I'm just adding your cell number?	labels:Would you like me to take a look at it?
text:Master Wang, I'm from Qing's school. We've been talking to you several times last year. I want to see what we're doing on the school platform.	labels:You're going to say something directly.
text:Are we working with Red Dust now due next year? Want to see if we have a chance to follow up.	labels:Looks like we're done with the work.
text:Did you just sign this year?I don't think so.Right.	labels:This year we re-signed the agreement.
text:It's resigning.	labels:It's like it's severe.
text:Are we signing a management platform or learning brands because I see Hangzhou as if you didn't tell me to start using it.	labels:Coverage has nothing to do with coverage, and we will notify the platform at that time.
text:We work here, right?I don't think so.There's a lot of students on our side, but it's still mainly a management platform with red dust.	labels:I don't care about this because of the specific business, because they're in charge and they're asking me if I can handle it.
text:I'm gonna talk to the teacher down there.	labels:Go make specific contact if he has anything to do with it.
text:Hello, Chief Liu.	labels:Who are you?
text:I'm the one who just contacted him, Mr. Wu, and then we made a deal on the learning platform, which he says you're in charge of.	labels:We're already doing it.
text:When I knew we were going to visit Dean Chen last year, he said you'd worry about it and say it's due to expire this year.	labels:I haven't found it. It's not finished yet.
text:We've been working together, but we haven't done it yet. We've been working together for a couple of years? Five years. Five years.	labels:Why don't we talk about it in five years?
text:Hello, is this the manager of Shanghai Kai-hoon?	labels:Where are you? Hello.
text:I'm umu here. I've had an exchange with you at the Circus Conference before. Does it ring any bells?	labels:Hello. Can I help you?
text:So, we're doing this interactive platform, and we've got some Shanghai cases in your business management section, and we're here to see if it's possible to use our brand when you go to the company for this kind of training, so we want to have a two- or three-minute conversation with you, and I don't know if it's convenient.	labels:It's gonna be easy for me to go back to what I want, just walking, maybe talking for a few minutes, not just because I saw you guys, but I think there's a better or more interactive aspect to it, because you say, for example, you want someone else to speak, and a lot of people are intuitive, and he doesn't say anything, and you let him speak out of character, and I think it's nice to meet someone who doesn't say anything, and you never know where people come from, but the best thing you can do is just say what you want to say on a cell phone, so everyone's opinions can be put together, and everyone is basically involved, and I think it's nice to meet.
text:Yeah, and then we're learning interactively, which is probably more relevant to a specific business you're doing now, because a lot of business management is using it, and you're doing this training, and you're supposed to have hundreds of people on a single scale.	labels:This doesn't have to look at the type, you know, like this kind of open class under this line, maybe 20 or 30 people, then, if it's a big forum or something like that, maybe hundreds of people.I don't think so.Then, for example, some small classes might be smaller, but not necessarily.
text:You don't know the rest of them, do you?I don't think so.I have a colleague from Shanghai who specializes in this area, and then I think I'm going to ask him to meet you directly, see if there's time to meet his head, and see if we can really use this piece for you, and let's talk about one.	labels:That's right.I don't think so.What's your name again? Is that what you're talking about, like, interactive interaction. Are you a small program, a small program?
text:Here's what we're talking about, for example, you're a lecturer, and then you're interacting, for example, two-dimensional, and we have this function of asking questions about these interactions, and you put these two-dimensional numbers on the big screen, and their students just have to use cell phone micromails to clean them up.I don't think so.Students don't have to set up the APP, but you're a teacher. You need to do this. If you use it, you need to publish some of these interactive features on the APP, but for students it's easy for them, they just have to sweep a micromail with a cell phone.	labels:That's right.I don't think so.Because right.
text:If you have any questions on your side, I can give you an answer.	labels:It wasn't me who was involved, I thought it was fun, and I thought it was fun, but I thought it was a little bit of a procedure, you know?
text:The teacher has some functions for you, for example, that you're going to sign and ask questions about them, and you're going to do them on the APP. You've seen them before, so you can put them all on the big screen, so you can show them. And about this, like those insiders, you don't speak, and you don't know what's going on, but if we get involved, we can at least get them to participate in it and see what's going on.	labels:When I ask you, you mean to wait for you to sell me a little program, don't you think?
text:We are the account, we are the account, we are the account after you use our APP, we open your account, you just log in your own account, and we'll log in when you open it. Then you can use the functionality inside.	labels:So you're saying that you're a big account, and then I'm going to use one of your sub-accounts, that's what you mean. Do you understand that? To him.
text:No, you are independent of your account, you are a teacher's account, and after you publish something, the student does not need to register, and he can use it.	labels:I know. I mean, I mean, I can count this sub-account on your side, right?
text:Yes, but your account number is independent, and it's uncomplicated with the rest, and your content is independent, so if you have a teacher down there, you can be an administrator yourself, and you can have another teacher down there, and you can do a management assignment like this. If you are a company with a lot of lecturers, then you can manage some of their accounts as a whole.	labels:You mean there's a sub-account, and there's a general on it.
text:The account's in charge. Right. Look at it here. You're in Shanghai, right?	labels:Yes, in Shanghai.
text:We direct our colleagues from Shanghai to you because I am from Beijing and it is not convenient for me to run.I don't think so.Then we had a brief conversation with you at the last meeting, and today it's more convenient for you to have time and then have a chance to talk to you more.	labels:There's no time now. I'm at my destination now. I'm busy now.
text:I know what I'm saying is that I'm going to get our colleagues from Shanghai to meet you, and if you need anything, we can show you on site.	labels:No, I know it, and I know it. Didn't I take part in your half-day class that day? I interacted on the spot, and I know I probably know it.
text:If you're going to use it, you're going to be on our side, and we're going to have colleagues.	labels:I didn't ask you how you pay for that thing.
text:The cost would actually be to see you open a general function and your general account number, so I'm going to say I'm going to ask some of the rest of us to do this because I was on this side of the market and I might have less knowledge of it. I need some of our professional client managers to talk to you.I don't think so.Right.	labels:And then I think I know basically all about it, don't I?I don't think so.Because he was, and he was, more clearly.
text:I think you do know about this function, but it actually includes you giving you an entire function that is different for each function, including the number of accounts that leads to different prices, and I can't promise you much here.	labels:That's when you said I'm busy. I'm busy.
text:When can I get my colleague to contact you? Tomorrow or the day after tomorrow?	labels:I'll talk to you later. I'm busy. I can't talk.
text:Hi, I've got 1201 here, and I've got a simple conversation with you on the National Information Lecturer. Do you remember?	labels:What's wrong?
text:And we're the platform's supporters, and we'd like to talk to you. How do you train this piece now?	labels:It's normal to talk about drugs when talking about products.
text:You're using our platform to give students a lecture, right? You'll use it for training.	labels:We'll mention that this thing will probably be used in part.
text:Are you using it directly from the top of the company, or are you using it yourself?	labels:The company gave it to us. But because we don't seem to use drugs, what does it look like?I don't think so.All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right.
text:It's also a learning platform, isn't it?	labels:He seems to be providing some of these services, and they're supposed to be drugs, because they're more similar.
text:Is that what you use for your training? Do you remember our URL platform? I think you should have used our platform for a study.	labels:What are you learning platforms for?
text:We are the platform for learning platform training, and then we have our own course on it, and we are mainly helping.	labels:We don't have a learning platform for drugs. Isn't there some kind of service that we've been doing?
text:We're ummu.	labels:Umu right.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mr. Zhang, I'm here to listen to the books. Yes, we didn't always work with the school on this platform until last year's contract, and we didn't continue, so we wanted to talk about it.	labels:It was decided not to cooperate, and it wasn't for me or you.
text:Are you guys already working with other brands?	labels:Then we used the inefficiency net.
text:The medical net, the cellar net, the cellar net have been set up, right?I don't think so.There's nothing we can do about it, because there's a new director on the other side of Hebei, who wants to ask your school to talk about some of the details.	labels:And then I didn't get involved because I was doing a lot of things, and I don't know.
text:Who was in charge until now, Dean Zhang?	labels:He worked with you at the time. He was the former president.
text:Wang Yuan.	labels:And then I got involved because of me and us.
text:Are you and Dean Zhang new in the back? Or what?	labels:After that, there's nothing we can do about it.I don't think so.I don't know, I don't know.
text:You've been with the network now, the new network has been signed for years.	labels:I don't know.
text:I don't know about that either. We're trying to be honest anyway, because we've been working together for so many years.	labels:Because I can't explain this to you.
text:Well, then, which part of the school are you in charge of now?	labels:You know, don't ask me that, because you've been working with them, you've been doing it through them. I don't know what you're talking about. Do it properly.
text:Hello, this is the Shenyang University College of Continuing Education. I'm from the Academies. We've just contacted Mr. Kim. He said you're in charge of teaching this section.	labels:We already have access to the platform and no replacement is required for the time being.
text:Yes, I understand that you're using Poon's platform. Yeah, but I've been talking to President Wu, which means we've got a missing text, and we're using only one pedagogic platform, right? Pedagogical management of these students.	labels:There are also students studying on apocalypse.
text:It's on the apocalypse, isn't it?	labels:Because we have been working together for years, there is no sense in temporary leadership, which, in turn, will allow us to contact you, since we have been in touch with the President.
text:What do we do with what's missing here like a lesson?	labels:We haven't had Internet classes yet.
text:We have a lot of students here, so let ourselves go. Do we have a lot of students here?I don't think so.How do you teach your students?	labels:We have teachers at our own university.
text:These problems can indeed be addressed.I don't think so.It's like this is now run mainly by a pedagogic, and that's how it's managed. Well, we'll call us if we need it. How long have we worked with Oprah, when will the contract expire?	labels:I don't know.
text:We've been working together for years, OPPO.	labels:OPPO has more than five or six years.
text:Yes.	labels:Graduates are about three years and four years and five years.
text:Okay, and then he's been leading the idea of a change of platform lately, isn't he?	labels:No, because we're the users.
text:What do you call it? Because I just spoke to Mr. Kim, and he says he doesn't know who's in charge of this piece.	labels:There's no point in contacting us with this thing. Since you're done with President Wu, he needs you to let us get in touch with you.
text:Hello.	labels:Is this Shining software? Yeah. You called me yesterday, and I'm a cloud training facility in Nansan, but you said that the person in charge of Nanchang would contact me, and he didn't contact me.
text:No contact yet? I'll hurry.	labels:I'm going to ask you a few questions about your system, and I asked you yesterday, and I told you we were adults, and then there were some real trainings, and you pushed me up the A.I. Counterfeiting test platform in the product yesterday, and I saw some of these centralized paperless under you, and I wanted to ask if there's any difference.I don't think so.What a smart web view of these and so on.
text:It makes some difference, and in the case of online examination platforms, it is generally used for remote and dispersed students, such as the centralized paperless examination system, either at home or in dormitories or by remote access to the platform in the office.	labels:Do you have any information on this? You can introduce this to me first.I don't think so.There should be, just like your products should be easy to add to my letters, and then send me a direct message, and then when they contact me, I can ask them directly about what I want to ask them, so I don't have to ask them to introduce me again.
text:Mr. Chan?	labels:Mr. Chen Xiaolian, right? Is he in the office?
text:Do you want him to pick it up again?	labels:Thank you very much.
text:It's all right.	labels:Mr. Chan.
text:Hello.	labels:The staff who are worried about me will be at the end of the day, and we'd like to gather an overview to see if you have any problems using our platform, we're afraid of later group exams, because we're collecting information from many schools, and we're afraid that there will be problems with all aspects of the examinations.
text:Are you saying there are some problems that need to be solved in recent times?	labels:Yes, and you've always been.
text:Can I tell you about some of the problems you've encountered in the communication process?	labels:Yeah, because we're on the Headquarters side, and then we're on the same side as we're on the functional side, and then we're going to collect some of the attitudes of the service personnel, and, if there is one, we're going to go collectively to the region to explain to the leaders, and then we're going to let them take a look at the block.
text:I'll start with functions. I'm not going to say anything about them. I'm not going to feel flexible enough to use them.	labels:It's too much trouble, isn't it?
text:Yeah, some of them aren't trouble, some of them are trouble, some of them are your technicians, and he'd rather be dealt with manually, so that you can change a small function, and then it's like it's hard to change, and then we think it's not really hard to do some of those functions.I don't think so.And then, uh, it's on your side, and then it's like, do it manually, or even come down, and then how do you deal with it in Excel forms?	labels:It's not easy for you, and you want to be able to do all these intelligent things on the platform.
text:If we think that the system is used, we certainly have a lot of functions, and we hope that it can be addressed directly from the system.	labels:We'll follow up on my question, and I'll talk to the tech department at our headquarters, and I'll see if there's a lot of them in other schools, and then we'll systematically change these functions.
text:Okay, then on this service, because what you're saying now is a mind management platform or an online learning platform, and we're using both of you.	labels:We're all together, we're all under our corporate flag, and then we're together.
text:And then you didn't, like, buy something? You have a pre-sale and post-sale, but now you don't distinguish between pre-sale and post-sale, and now we're having a problem, and we're still looking for a school bus that's just like us, and then we're selling a lot of functions. He's not really familiar, and we're showing him that he still needs to communicate, and maybe it's not that smooth.I don't think so.He's got some functions that he doesn't understand after all. He was just a salesman, of course, and he's still responsible for communicating with us, and I feel like doing it.	labels:It might be a little hard for him.
text:Yeah, he's probably got some functions, he's getting used to them now, but it's not your R & D guy, is it? Some functions he doesn't know much about.I don't think so.So I think there's going to be a special after-sale, and there's going to be a difference between the two platforms, a management platform, an online platform, and you're going to be with us now, the same sales as before, and we're on these issues.	labels:There should be people to help them. Maybe they themselves have problems with them, and they feel like they don't know.
text:What's the pattern of your staffing?	labels:Because one of our normal areas will be.
text:Sometimes he sells, and then he brings a project manager. Yeah, but we're basically having trouble communicating, and we're looking for a previous sale.	labels:Maybe they didn't put the after-sales department directly on top of the administration, and they would go back and talk to the after-sales department about it.I don't think so.The real service is supposed to be another team for you, yeah.
text:And then there was a project manager who worked for our side of the school before, and then it was because we didn't feel very well on communication, and that's what we were talking about, and he seemed to be not quite clear enough to understand what we wanted, and then he asked questions before, and then he couldn't help us directly.	labels:I guess he's a newcomer, you know.
text:It's not true, either, but now our mode of communication, apart from us and the seller, we have a group of technicians with different functional modules, yes, and now we're having problems, talking in groups, yes, or other schools.	labels:But the main thing is that they actually have a group with you, and they'll have groups at the same time, each school has a group, and they'll have more than one group.
text:It's a different module for each of them, and it's this one that's responsible for you when you meet the student, and the graduation module at the back is someone else's, so they don't seem to be developing, and they're just like a microphone, and I give them the question back, and they can solve the small problem.	labels:Basically, most of the other problems are that our CS after-sales department might help you solve the problems they can solve. That's the first step, for example, that you're talking about functional problems, like the ones you just mentioned, that they're not supposed to be programmers or something, and then they're going to have to get back up.
text:But that is what they are asking us, and their feedback is not timely.	labels:Untimely.
text:So we're always looking for sales.	labels:Actually because.
text:I can only push them through sales.	labels:In fact, they'll probably go back to help you collect the corresponding liabilities.
text:So I can't figure out what's in this, what you're staffed for.	labels:I'll talk to them later. Look at this.
text:And then one of the technicians was very responsible.	labels:Call it a compliment, huh?
text:I have to give him credit for what I need. What's his full name?	labels:Because I'm going to look at them on our side. You can look at them.
text:He's called Acey in the group. He's a Qinga.	labels:I know it's going up and down, north-west and south-west.
text:Yeah, all I know is that he's responsible for the Internet people over there.I don't think so.Every time we talk to him about the problem, he can solve it quickly, and if it can be solved today, when it can be solved, he'll tell us exactly, and then the others will tell us that you're the one who's asking the question, telling him again and again, that's when it's done, right?I don't think so.We don't ask him for a week or a week, not two for two weeks or even a month.	labels:It would be more responsible to hear you say that, and perhaps the girl or hers would be more careful.
text:Right.	labels:I've got a couple more questions on my side, like a lesson piece. Are you guys recording it now?
text:Yeah.	labels:You're using only our management and teaching platforms, and you're uploading them on your own.
text:If you have it, we'll sell it.	labels:Anyway, you made your own copy and put it on our platform, didn't you?
text:Yeah.	labels:On this piece, there is hardly any need for us to have some other service on the text, because we certainly have one.
text:I think we've all done it. We're useless at the moment. Yeah.	labels:For what reason? Because you think you're going to make this piece.
text:Or because we feel we have no comparison with our own leadership, we feel we still have to have our own brand, if we speak of online resources.	labels:I get it. You're trying to build your own, uh, little bits. Are we almost done with all the majors now? Or are we just doing a little bit?
text:It's almost 80% or 90% right now, and some may be perfecting later on.	labels:Do you still give face-to-face for the remaining unrecorded textbooks? I understand. Do you use the other likes?
text:No, it seems as if it's hard for us to get back to you with a lot of functions ahead of us, so we don't run this test on your system, including if it's a class or a class, and we're all on our own.	labels:Listen to me, we don't have much on our platform, but we're basically a student administration, admission.
text:No admissions were made.	labels:Admissions are also useless, mainly as a matter of management and learning.
text:And then there's graduation clearance on it.	labels:I don't think they're pushing us very well here, because we have a lot of functions that you can use.I don't think so.I don't know if you're the one who's working together, but when you sign the contract, do you have all these functions together or what?
text:Both at the time of signing the contract, it was too hard to use it, so let's use some of the essential functions first.	labels:I think I saw it on my side. We've been using it since 19 years, haven't we?
text:Right. Right.	labels:When we're due, it's supposed to be three years.
text:I don't remember two platforms for three years and five years.	labels:Well, I'll tell them what you're talking about, and I'll tell them what you're talking about, and I thought you didn't need to use all these functions, and after I understand it, I think we have them.
text:You can do it, you can't do it.	labels:And then you can use it, right?
text:Okay.	labels:I'm going to talk to them about these issues, and I'm going to talk to them again, because there may be problems with their working habits.
text:Yeah, 'cause I'm also the one who reflected what we thought at the time, because they might have some functions that it couldn't deal with directly, right?I don't think so.He may have to talk to R & D again, but you have to tell me one time, whether you can solve it in a week or a few days, first tell us, and then when you're done, it's better to have a feedback function, for example, that's already done, or that's still being modified, how to get feedback, and you ask one who asks a question about the sea.	labels:It's time to believe.
text:Let's get this over with.	labels:One response is also required for the information.
text:Yeah, yeah.	labels:Okay, do you have any more questions here? If not, I'll come with you as soon as I can.
text:Okay, not yet.	labels:It's been so long. Good-bye, good-bye, good-bye. Good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is this Chief Yang? Hello, I'm here to read a book on the learning platform.	labels:What does it do?
text:This is a learning platform.	labels:We became learning platforms for each other.
text:Last year we also contacted Director Ho, who told you that the school did not have a plan to do so, and taught students face-to-face.	labels:You have to contact them, so you won't contact me tomorrow.
text:You're not responsible for this piece, you're not responsible for this piece.	labels:I'm sorry, we're the Admissions Employment Department, okay.
text:I'd like to ask you how you've been admitted for two years this year. How many are there for about a year?	labels:We've got a tight deal. We've got a tight deal. We've got a tight deal.
text:There's about a thousand or dozens of them a year, and there's dozens of them, and there's a lot of them.	labels:It's not a deal now, but it's been a few years anyway.
text:I contacted Chongqing here as a whole, and there are not many schools in Chongqing.	labels:It's a deal. I don't know what else. It's a deal.
text:You've got dozens of each year left. A few days ago? A day or two.	labels:That was a long, long time ago.
text:Thank you, sir.	labels:Okay.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, teacher. Is this the right part of our school to be an adult this year?	labels:Yes, who are you?
text:You're still talking, aren't you?	labels:Yes, who are you?
text:Hello, teacher, we're here as a learning platform, and we're calling Green out of school. How do we learn now?	labels:Not before us, we've got a platform ourselves, we've worked with you before, we've got a platform later on.
text:Are you building your own platform now, or are you working with other companies?	labels:I don't know, because it's the leaders who talk about it.
text:Hello, may I speak to Director Lee?I don't think so.I'm from the Youth Academy, we're a learning platform, and we've been in touch with President Tan before, but he says you're in charge of the specific part of the teaching, and then he wants us to talk to you.	labels:Ha ha ha.I don't think so.He's so funny. I'm supposed to be in charge of leading the decision-making. I think that's what it is.
text:He's telling the truth. In fact, some of the possible business things have to be done by you, and then he wants to talk to you about what you're doing right now.	labels:We're doing it with our own web lesson, because we've been connected once before in the Youth Academy. Your Internet lesson seems to me to have been done once, and it's done by the horse teacher who's in charge of the Internet class, so I don't think I can do it if you ask me to do it. I'd better take the lead and see what the next teacher says, right?
text:This is how it should be done.I don't think so.It's because he knows.	labels:That's right.
text:He also learned a number of times, and then he said that you now have a platform of your own, and he said he signed it for a year, until the end of the year, and then we said we'd follow it up after a look, but you know exactly what you're doing now, and that's why we know it.	labels:I just told you what it seems like we used to do with something specific at the time when President Wang was in charge of Mr. Ma, and I don't care about this, but I think it would be better to let the leadership know about it, even though it is in our teaching department.I don't think so.Okay, let's talk to the teacher who's in charge of this.
text:Can you understand that you're still using this platform?	labels:And we're teaching it on our own.
text:You uploaded that course yourself, didn't you? Yeah.	labels:I used to upload it myself.
text:Are most of the students in this class now, or are you the only one in this school?	labels:We are now mainly in use at the headquarters of the school, and occasionally we have one or two classes with the Internet and the correspondence station and the web-based correspondence station, which are not very much open anyway.
text:The students in your home department are basically using it.I don't think so.Are there many students?	labels:You shouldn't be too much now, okay.
text:If I say so, I'll contact President Tan. We'll see if he has time recently, because our president is here.I don't think so.Yeah, you'd better.	labels:To go with him.
text:He thought about visiting your school, and I'm calling because it's direct.	labels:Just get in touch with him.
text:Because I called him a few days ago and he didn't seem to be busy, and I called him in April, and he said he could talk to him in the second half of the year, because, just as our CEO was there, I wanted to see if I could make an appointment and communicate more specifically.	labels:You can get in touch with him, and then they lead any decision or call for anything, and then what do we do?
text:That's true, but the last time we spoke to him, after explaining it, he said that we could talk to your teachers about what you're doing with the platform, and then we could look at what you're doing with it, right, because you're using it, you're not leading it, you're leading it.	labels:Good platform, I've just told you, because I'm in charge of teaching this part, but we are in charge of the specific part of Internet teaching.
text:Mr. Ma, I don't need it on my side.	labels:I think it's better to have a leader on his phone, and then say, we don't have a lot of students, most of which are self-medicated, and we're responsible for teaching ourselves.
text:They'll do it on their own down at the station, won't they?	labels:I have a cooperation agreement with us at the site, most of it.
text:But the last time I spoke to the Dean, I said that you had a lot more students this year, and now there are almost 10,000 more.	labels:I've already told you it's a lot, but they're mostly self-medicated, so let's see how he decides to take it back or how to do it, and it's a leader to decide, and I think I do.
text:Yeah, well, I got it on my side, too.	labels:We're just specific staff, aren't we?I don't think so.Okay.
text:Director Seo, are you free? I'm here to listen to the books. You know what? I've been in touch with you before, right?	labels:I've been busy lately, and I'm telling you, we've been trying to recruit recently.
text:For me to know after number four.I don't think so.I'd like to ask you a question now. If you're available, I'll have a word with you, not about the platform.	labels:I'm really busy. I think you can call me later at night. Do you have a message? Yeah.
text:I'd like to ask you a few questions about hard business as a student who works with a school company.	labels:If you're free, that's the question, isn't it?
text:On this issue.	labels:Tell me what you want to see.
text:What I'm asking you is, you have this part of your school, right? Because we didn't notice it before, because we know that this part of the student is exempt from high-level examinations. Is that the case?	labels:Yes.
text:How do you do your exams? Because we want to know, and then we'll go to the school and push the exam platform free of charge, and we'll see if there's a part of it that can help you, because it's hard to organize the tests down the line, so we'll see if we can get you to study.	labels:You want to do the online examination platform.
text:It's the same thing that we already have, and we'll see if you can use it.	labels:Here's the thing. We don't use online platforms.
text:It's because of your exams.	labels:It's equivalent to an adult exam, and you're more likely to be questioned if you do it online.
text:It's like we're all in Jiangsu now.	labels:No, as far as I know, no one's going to use it.
text:You're all joints now. All schools are joints at the same time?	labels:Or don't you have a school of your own?
text:Individual propositions.I don't think so.You've got an interview in addition to the written test, haven't you?	labels:Right.
text:It's hard to do it. I'm listening to you guys talk about this. You guys do it earlier than adults. Right. That's probably what the normal student population is. About 20% of your total enrolment, isn't it?	labels:Twenty percent should not reach about 10 percent of the bar.
text:Does our school have a plan to record classes now? No. Not this year? Not ever?	labels:If we record this piece, it may not be very long-term planning, or because we basically already have some relevant cushions in front of us.
text:This year's plan is all done, isn't it?	labels:It's not that you're in office now, for example, for the preparation of the race, or for what it is, because we're basically supposed to be.
text:We've been helping some schools with specialty classes, microscopic courses, online courses, and so on.	labels:I know we've worked with Tokuchi before.
text:We're done this year, or we're not done with this year's plan.	labels:You won't do it again this year?
text:Not this year.I don't think so.How much has it been recorded every year?	labels:Well, it's basically about that race.
text:We're mainly going to compete in other areas of our own. What's the main game you're going to? Micro-schooling? Micro-recording or what?	labels:Micro-schooling and teaching contests?
text:Well, you'll see if you want to take a class, but let's see when you're going to play.	labels:Every year he'll have a game. We already have a full-time job on this one, so we'll have a full-time job on it.
text:I understand that, well, do you mean, if you need anything like that, like, did you say you've worked with the super? Then you'll give priority to worrying, or will companies like us not working together think about it?	labels:Because we worked with innovation before, when it was a demonstration of school construction needs, and then we hired the relevant personnel ourselves, there may not be any need for the Foreign Office for the time being.
text:I'm sorry, I'm not late for your rest. I'm supposed to eat now. It's okay.	labels:All right. I'll see you later.	episode_done:True
text:Then we're talking about a return visit to our country's clients, and then if there's a problem, the new term can be improved.	labels:The main thing here is that the course matches, and the relevance of the course is, anyway, what further improvements are needed.
text:It's not a good match for the curriculum.	labels:Maybe half a year, we'll have to re-organize some of the courses, and then we'll need the cooperation of our relevant technical staff.
text:This means that the whole question is the subject of the curriculum.	labels:It's good for the other platforms, it's working out of the car.
text:It's working well for the students to use some of it.	labels:The course teacher and the student in question, as well as our students, have indicated that his match is not too high, so it is possible that we will adjust some of the courses during the next semester, that the workload may be a little heavy, and that we will need the cooperation and support of our system staff.
text:Okay, if you need anything, we'll definitely say we're doing as much as we can.I don't think so.What I'm showing here is that they're reporting a contract that we signed in 18 years, and we're about to expire this year, is that it?	labels:The contract's gonna give me no more.
text:I don't know exactly what that means, is that the question of course matching will not affect the school's renewal of us?	labels:I didn't look at that, because now you know that you do a lot of this across the country.
text:The competition for platforms is also strong, and we're worried about renewals, so we're going to start by saying we want to know, and then we're going to solve it.	labels:Mr. Lee has contacted us.I don't think so.Yeah, and then we're talking about it now. Okay.
text:We must say that every effort is made to resolve the problem, that is, if they can't do it at any time, it's okay if you can call headquarters directly to reflect it, that's the number.	labels:Thank you very much.
text:Thank you for bothering me.	labels:Good-bye. Good-bye. Good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Miss Gu. I've been in touch with you many times before. I've been in touch with you last year. Do you remember?	labels:Yes.
text:We made a deal on the learning platform, but what you told us earlier was red dust, but red dust is 1,000 a year, and we wanted to ask you if you've re-signed this year's enrolment.	labels:We signed three grades at once, and then we'll probably have to redo it, and then we'll start with 227, yeah.
text:That's this year's admission.	labels:For those who did not take the exam this year, they will take the entrance exam next year.
text:Yes, it is.I don't think so.Are we looking at the platform here now?	labels:Let's see what we're gonna do in the second half of this year, and what we're gonna do in the second half of this year.
text:What do you use for basics now? They have courses and platforms.	labels:It's good to use it. It's good to use it. It's good to use it.
text:Now charge.	labels:We had just opened two classes at the time.
text:You're charging for the class now, aren't you?	labels:Prior to the stamped charges, the possibility of a change now might be to package it together, but it is estimated that it will be done again in the second half of the year.
text:Do they come to meet you recently? Because we talk to them a lot more, like they're in charge. Before Jiangsu, it's always like he's in charge. I don't know if he's with you.	labels:No, he's more or less specific than the other one, and their technologist seems to have changed it.
text:Looks like they're changing over here, and I don't know which one you're dealing with right now.	labels:The man in charge of the business still seems to be the same.
text:Mr. Lee is still with the girl.	labels:The man in charge of the business is a boy, a father, like a woman, and then a man.
text:Yes, I just spoke to the Director of Tao, and then he said that he had just come here last year to teach, and then he asked me to talk to you about a lot of things. He said he trusted you, and you were responsible for a lot of things.	labels:Asking whether the school is going to be ready or not, we'll have to do it again in the second half of the year, after 2nd level or 2nd level.
text:What about the episode? Now you use red dust for two lessons, just two lessons. How do you teach the rest?	labels:We don't have a full-time teacher in other classes, they usually have a copy, or teachers find a list of all our students in our schools and what kind of system they use in their schools.I don't think so.Our school teacher introduced the list of missionary students to the system used by the students in front of the school system.
text:It's not easy for you to manage.	labels:It's a little bit of a problem, that's what he's trying to do.
text:You're like two classes to pay for the Red Dust, and they're paying for it.	labels:The platform confiscated money, as if we had collected it at the cost of both classes.
text:They didn't take much of these two classes, and it's estimated that we had more than 10, 10, 10, 10, 10, 1 student in the first class.	labels:Yeah, yeah.
text:If we re-bid after that, the school would pay for it, wouldn't it?	labels:I was from our school, and in the future, if all classes were taught, students might be asked to come out with e-book fees, from our school, not from our school, but from our school itself.
text:You should know about our platform, because e-book was the first to come from our platform, so our e-books are comprehensive in all their aspects, and I suppose Reddust is discussing new ways to work with you, too?	labels:Anyway, I don't have this. I'm probably about October, and we're gonna have to ask if we can't get a bid from the school or what?
text:Director Gu, is there any impact on your starting school now? Because of the epidemic.	labels:He returned to school after the 15th and after the 15th of September.
text:Oh, you're on this side of Suzhou? It's almost the same after the 15th.	labels:Yes, because many of our students have Nanjing in Yangzhou.
text:Yeah. You're still at home and you're not going to school, are you?	labels:Yeah, our teachers don't let us go either. All the students who predate No. 15 are on-line, and they come after No. 15.
text:So we'd like to meet and talk to you after school, and then see if we can help, because whether you bid later or in other ways, because we do more, I think we can talk to each other, okay?	labels:You know our school is a public school. How can we follow the process, right?
text:Because of this process.	labels:Not many of our students are single, but our public schools are subject to censorship, and they come to the school every year, and the process must be regulated.
text:Yesterday you knew that we were doing a lot, that we worked with 300 or 400 schools across the country, that we were going to discuss with him how the process should be declared, that you might have to go to the university, then end the meeting, and then you would have to submit it, and then see if it was a bid or a single source, and so on.I don't think so.We're all familiar with these processes, so we'd like to come over and talk after school and see if we can learn from each other.	labels:Okay, let's talk after the 15th, because we can't go back now.
text:I can't help it if I don't start school. I'll be around September 10th and I'll make sure it's about September 15th. Okay.I don't think so.Are you in charge of admission? It's supposed to be a little busy right now.	labels:Mr. Ouyang is in charge. I'm in charge.
text:It's supposed to be a busy time, too. Okay, you're eating now, aren't you?	labels:Not ready to cook, okay.
text:Hi, I'm from Qingsu. Did I contact you last year? Yes, we were on-line, then you were on-line management, then you said you were in second-level college, you didn't need a learning platform, and you wanted to ask if there were any plans to put students below you this year?	labels:We're in class now.
text:Is it a platform or is it going to worry about it? Have you actually put the students in your tech school to organize their own teaching?	labels:Huh?
text:When you signed it, you signed it with the learning platform.	labels:Well, we didn't sign it together, but we'll add it.I don't think so.That class hasn't finished yet.
text:Because it's for us, it's for us, it's for us, and it's for us, and I don't know if you're sure you're using North Korea, but we're trying to see if there's a chance to offer you services, and then we're going to talk to you.	labels:The draw has been set.
text:It's settled, right? How do we work with them on this side? The school signed a contract with them, and you are.	labels:Is it a rental platform?
text:Is that what your school pays them, or are they charging students?	labels:Don't collect from students.
text:Or, like the pedagogic platform, you pay the same fees directly? Is this a last call for bids, or has it already been decided?	labels:I don't know what to do now, but I'm in the middle of a course, and I'm in the selection.
text:I don't really know what kind of progress you've made, and if you've looked at some of the movements of other platforms, it's probably normal to use their learning platforms directly because you used them before, but I don't know if you have any idea, want to know more about them, and then make a comparison.	labels:Listen to the book, and we all know why you're not working with Kunming Tech.
text:Kunming Polytechnic is a school that has its own customized needs, and then they want to do their own research and development.	labels:I think they're going to turn fast.
text:In fact, they're doing a lot of work down in Hangzhou, and they're still using our platform, except that their schools are still trying to build some of their own customized functions.I don't think so.Do you understand from other schools? They? Like some other schools like Xinjiang, we're moving with them now.	labels:What school did you do that for?
text:I'd like to introduce you to a few of your co-signs last year. I don't know what you don't understand.	labels:I don't know.
text:Like a school in Urumqi, I'm looking at Urumqi's professional university, which was innovative last year, but they've only spent about a semester, and they're not working with them anymore. I don't know if your local college has any idea.	labels:I don't know.I don't think so.I haven't heard.
text:You guys picked this platform this time, have you talked to other platforms besides what we've heard? It's like red dust.	labels:The dust came to introduce us.
text:But why are you so sure about this right now, and we'd like to see if we have a chance, because it's a service, after all.	labels:If you don't, you've always had a problem with copyright in your film classes.
text:I don't know how to say that.	labels:Do you have copyrights when you're in electronics?
text:Yes, we all have our own copyrights.	labels:Did you sign them all? Or something? Yeah.
text:We bought it for us, because we worked with them before, and we bought it from them.	labels:It's not a course, but you've got some teaching materials that you've made electronic, right?
text:Also, when we worked with them, we bought the copyright, which we could use normally, but of course it was them, but we had access.	labels:Always.
text:I am.	labels:Feel.
text:In fact, you can communicate with the institutions that work with us in Xinjiang more often.	labels:Who are you working with now?
text:We at Shishiko University and Xinjiang Engineering now have cooperation.	labels:Since when?
text:It's been a long time, 19 years, 18 years, 19 years, 19 years, it's a long time. I'm not sure. I'm going to look at it.	labels:Your platform doesn't mean the platform, we used it, we're the mail station at Kwan Palace, do we? So the platform is not a problem, it's a question of equity now, and it's because we've been signing supernova for years now.
text:The platform has been signed.I don't think so.Anyway, we heard what I said on the platform, and from your school point of view, I would like you to do more with us, including with us and with the dust, and some other people here, like Warsaw, who might know, like, what he's good at, what he's good at, what he's good at, and what he's good at, and what he's good at, and what he's good at, and what he's good at.	labels:It's gonna take a couple of years to pick the money, and it's signed.
text:Indeed.I don't think so.After that, we'll always have a chance. Yes, we've signed the platform for a few years. You signed the pedagogic platform last year. You told me when I spoke to you last year, and your pedagogic platform was just filled out this year, right?	labels:Let's just put the course on the table.
text:Are they supposed to sign in three years, or have you all signed in five years? That's the end of twenty-three years? Yeah, and then I don't know how to match up with you here. If you need it, you can look at it again, because we're going to have to have more.I don't think so.You've used our platform before, and you must also know that we should have more advantage in all aspects of the matching of school sets.	labels:You all charge students for your science, don't you?
text:This one is looking.	labels:It's paid for, isn't it?
text:This is to see, for example, how you want to cooperate with us, how we see how your school wants to do it, how we talk about it, or how we do it in one way or another.	labels:That's what I'm talking about.I don't think so.If it's the school that pays, it's like you don't have a school that pays the same way? We do.
text:This approach is based on the student's access to subjects, such as how much he charged for his previous course, and then we'll give a total offer.	labels:How such agreements are signed, because the usual school-signing agreements are signed.
text:You haven't signed it yet? You want to know that I can do it, that I can give you a reference for what we've done before, and it's okay if you've already signed it. We'll do a favor and we can do it again later. Right.I don't think so.I look at the college where we worked together before, and I look for what you're like right now, and I see if there's a similar situation on our side, and I'll do a report with you.	labels:I'd probably have to have a portion of the costs at the office if I went to the course, and I don't know how to pay that now.
text:Do you normally pay a platform fee with a super-new platform? And then they do.	labels:Managing the platform's fees?
text:Yeah, there's one way they charge for a course like this, like 10 classes for a student and how much for a lesson. Is that what they're talking to you about?	labels:Not yet.
text:Yeah, well, I don't know what kind of model you'd prefer, but I think you know less about it.	labels:Yeah.
text:And then I...	labels:That's what I'm gonna do.
text:I want to know what you want more, and I'll give you a report on our cases, and I'll sum you up, and then I'll finish.	labels:In one way or another, he would be a bit more financially friendly, because if it was the last time they said that, if they paid for it, how much would it cost to spend on the course in the next year, millions of dollars, how could millions of schools pay for the past without bidding or anything, how could the course resources be tendered?I don't think so.You can't. I haven't figured out how to do this.
text:In fact, the dean may have some of our colleagues in charge of cases similar to yours, or I'll ask him to contact you and give you a plan.I don't think so.Because it's complicated to hear from you, because I may not have been in contact with such a complicated way, and I'll be honest with you, but some of my colleagues here may have met you, and these schools are more complicated, and he'll be more familiar with the situation at Qun Palace.	labels:Okay. Okay.
text:When is your time? I'm afraid he'll call you. You're busy.	labels:This time, this afternoon.
text:All right, we'll start with the enrolment.	labels:Why is this number on your side? I've just been in touch with you.
text:What else can I do for you?	labels:I just wanted to ask you if you have a number from the Institute of Territorial Education.
text:We're not on this side.	labels:You're not sure if you're in or out, are you?I don't think so.Prior years had been preceded by annual recruitments.I don't think so.Isn't that right?
text:Right.I don't think so.But this year's policy has not yet been specified, so we are not very clear on our side either.	labels:What was the number of admissions in previous years?
text:Which province do you have?	labels:I'm Shaanxi's. I'm asking for my brother.I don't think so.Hello, I'd like to ask how many people you've had sex with in previous years. Because you said you didn't know about this year's policy.
text:It's not very clear, because he hasn't even counted it yet.	labels:Why don't you know anything?I don't think so.Okay, thank you, teacher. Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Who's this? Hello. I'm the one with whom my colleague contacted you in the first half of this year.	labels:Your city's not as small as it's always been.
text:Yeah, and we didn't work with you guys before, and then it went to summer, and then I saw that summer here was a 20-year-old. Are your 21-year-olds in the mountains?	labels:Yeah, 2021 was summer, that's what he didn't do, but this year the county governor retired, and I don't know what happened this year.
text:Has the dean retired? Is it President Zhang? No.	labels:President Zhang also retired and the former President retired.
text:Is the new dean here now?	labels:The dean's not here.
text:When did they quit? Before the holidays?	labels:The dean of the school went in February of this year, and President Zhang, in August of this year, has not yet officially announced that he has spoken.
text:When are we going to arrange this?	labels:I don't know, it's time to start school and say that the Dean of our School of Economics will be working soon, and then the school will be the Dean of the College, no.
text:Do you have any idea which department we're dealing with here?	labels:Still don't know if it's settled yet, do you?
text:Yeah, well, aren't we still in summer's 22nd year?	labels:No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
text:For what reason?I don't think so.I think there's a lot of schools here in Hebei, last year.	labels:For no reason at all, the dean felt that it was not necessary to make a lot of money, not simply to begin to shrink the scale.
text:It's a shame that our big schools don't take students to school, they just go to school.	labels:You go to these private colleges. You're like some kind of World College of Medicine or something.
text:I've seen a lot of those vocational colleges that seem to have a lot of students, some kind of tech information, some kind of business.	labels:It is not your company that has much to do with running a private institution, and we even have the director of a public institution who says that you've done so much, and you don't have much business to do with it, but you can find it clearly.
text:Don't we get a reward for doing good here?	labels:No. There's no difference to me, it's no difference, it's no difference, it's no difference, it's no difference.
text:Hebei Economic and Trade University and Hebei University have stopped since last year, and they refused to do so.	labels:They don't even do it.
text:They don't do this, do they?	labels:Don't do correspondence on this piece.
text:They used to recruit thousands of people every year. Yeah.	labels:Not anymore.
text:Where are the students? They're all famous students.	labels:Yeah, that's it. I'm gonna go, too.
text:I don't know how they teach in private schools.	labels:You said they didn't have any restrictions on them getting married, they did.
text:If you don't give up, you'll get a diploma by the end of the day.	labels:We don't know how they operate, and maybe there's some teachers you can work with on platforms like this.
text:We've been working with each other for years, and then we've been trying to work with our school because it's too late to follow up at the same time.I don't think so.When would it be better if we didn't sign it this 22nd year?	labels:It's easy for the second half of the year to be almost stable.
text:How's the summer platform for you guys?	labels:No, I didn't feel good about his platform from the beginning, but he's the leader, and he's got 2011 this year, which means he signed it without any room for negotiation.I don't think so.So far, I and our people in Warsaw have been in charge of these people, and the people in Warsaw have not seen each other.
text:How do they serve you?	labels:You just leave a message from the remote sometimes.
text:You have a problem with how they solve it.	labels:Make a call at most, make a call at most, if we don't think he's using it. You can't use it.
text:I'm sure we're right. We're going to try to get second-class students or we're going to go to our easy platform, and we're going to try to come over later this year, and then we're going to all of you.	labels:Anyway, this year has been less for everyone, and a lot of the presidents on both sides have now changed, and who knows what's going on.
text:We now have more than 1,000 senior presidents, who are now appointed by the platform and who are appointed on a full-time basis.	labels:The last time, it actually happened that none of them should have done so.
text:They don't care about our technical school either. I'll tell you the truth. I've disturbed you this way, and I'll bother you this summer.	labels:It's okay. When you listen to books, I always feel that it's okay. One is a course, and one has at least one e-book, and then the students can see that they have nothing.
text:How students learn.I don't think so.Classes on their platforms.	labels:There's some truth to the platform and it's not good.
text:They're supposed to be short, I think.	labels:He matches it all, but he's one of them, not even one of them.
text:We, Dean Zhang, did not have anything on this block before, and he dared not use it.	labels:He didn't say anything.
text:It's done.	labels:Yes, this year I said that this should go to our school, let them do it on their own. He lets himself in, but we control his choice of a few.
text:But I'll tell you the truth, it's gonna be a mess back there, you're gonna have a platform in Hangzhou, you're gonna have a bad school, and you just need to stick with them.	labels:The key thing is yes, you're still a little more expensive, to be honest, 300 dollars is a lot more expensive.
text:How much is Huaxia?	labels:Summer's 300.
text:Right.	labels:A lot of people have cut off, you're like a superstar, you're cheap, you're cheap.
text:I think it's still up to us. I'm sure I'll do it in the front.	labels:I don't know what the leader thinks, but it's easy to say that if we don't consult, we'll decide directly. We know that, don't we?
text:Mr. Chu, I'll bring you a message directly, and I'll contact you directly at the post.	labels:Have you made contact if it's convenient? Aren't you less involved now?
text:It's early morning, isn't it?I don't think so.Kim Piao already contacted you, didn't he?	labels:There's always been a connection to us.
text:That'll be fine. If it's easy to get there by then, you'll have to contact him directly. Okay. I'll bother you at the same time.	labels:You're welcome. You're welcome.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.I don't think so.Chief Ma, can you hear me?	labels:Hello.
text:I'm the one who's been in touch with you before the summer. That's when you're planning to enroll, and now you want to know what you're doing.I don't think so.It hasn't started yet.	labels:Right.
text:You've signed everything with Hangzhou Station now, haven't you?	labels:Not yet.
text:He hasn't signed up yet. He's not going to enroll this year, is he?	labels:I'm sure we won't be able to do it this year. I don't even owe it. This year's enrolment has been missed.
text:Or are we gonna wait till next year?I don't think so.Are you looking for some Hangzhou station in the province or outside?	labels:Do everything.
text:Because we heard that I don't know if you know what we're dealing with here, and then we're working with a lot of schools, and if you need anything, we can introduce you to Hangzhou Station.	labels:Okay, I'll check with the dean later and see what we can do.
text:You're planning on going to Hangzhou Station this year, and then next year you're going to get another student, aren't you?	labels:That's about the time next year, oh.
text:What did you do with your admission plan? When I spoke to you in the first half of the year, you said you were going to hire two or three hundred people this year.	labels:No, that's the kind of school that we're looking for. He doesn't know what he's talking about. They can't collect all the water.
text:You want to outsource this piece to one of those special institutions to go to a training facility?I don't think so.And then include them.	labels:On them.
text:How do you find them? How do you find them in Hangzhou? They're all in charge.	labels:This may be the case with regard to teaching, which may be a function of the province and beyond, and it may be the case with regard to their responsibility.
text:Now, did I hear you say that you would have settled this year?I don't think so.In the end, it's not settled yet.I don't think so.You didn't talk about it, did you?	labels:I don't know if he ever signed that deal.
text:It's a pity, too, that this year it must have been missed.	labels:It's just waiting to see what's behind it.
text:Well, I'd like to ask you by the way, in some of the other colleges on the Gansu side, they're just like Lanzhou, because I called him in the first half of the year, and he said they were like you for a few years, because they stopped after the job, and then they just started, and I don't know what they're doing this year.	labels:I know it's like Master Dae Nam and they're continuing to attract people to the Faculty of Arts and Science, and I don't know it, either.
text:The College of Arts and Sciences has heard of it.	labels:Because they have most of the school enrolments, and it's possible that one day we're just trying to figure out if we can work with them or not, even if that's not possible.
text:Anyway, if you want to find something like this out of town, we can introduce you here, because we've got about 300 or 400 schools working together, but we don't have a job at Hangzhou Station, so we can introduce you to the platform, which means you want to know, which province you want to go to, and we can recommend some of the Hangzhou Stations with good resources, and then you can go talk to Hangzhou and sign this deal yourself.I don't think so.Well, I'll look back at you now if you want to make your own Hangzhou station, then I can talk to you again, and if you want to wrap it up outside, you really don't have to worry about it.	labels:Now I don't know what the good Dean meant, what the final agreement was, and I can't take responsibility for it.
text:Hello.	labels:Hello, Secretary Sun.
text:Hello. Who are you?	labels:I'm from the Youth Academy. We're a learning platform. We just talked to your teacher Fan. We're using the Orang platform, and he says you're in charge of the platform, so I'll leave you alone.
text:I don't care if you call our dean.	labels:Director Lee, isn't it?
text:Lee to Lee to Lee.	labels:I'm the Vice-President, and I know I'm probably communicating, because we've visited a lot of times before, and because you've been using Opun, and then we're not interrupting any more, so now we're trying to find out what's in the near future, and if we need it, we might follow up with a little service, and there's no other idea that you're doing well now, including with the pedagogic platform.
text:It's okay, isn't it?	labels:We're doing it ourselves, because now we know a lot of Oprah he doesn't have to give to the school because the Oprahs are us now.
text:He's the one who called us the micro-studies we made.	labels:I've seen a lot of things in our profession, all of them on my own.
text:We basically covered the whole road.	labels:Already.
text:If there's a way, it's nothing.	labels:It's a pretty big job, too.
text:Basically, these courses have been completed over the years.	labels:The other platforms are now Oprah. Is it still free for you?
text:We haven't gotten paid yet, so it is now.	labels:It's really good to be of service to you.
text:They're more than he cares about.	labels:Yes, because many of you co-operated with Liaoning, there was a lot of co-operation with Opang, and now there's none of them on their platform, and they're mostly on the Internet.
text:You've got plenty of time, and then you'll call your cell phone, and I'm right here with the first material, and our colleagues are waiting.	labels:You can leave me a phone number. I'll see you at the end.
text:That's all we need. That's all we need to do when we're okay.	labels:All right, you go ahead.
text:I'm going to re-share this material again with my colleagues.	labels:I'll call you when you're free next week. You're busy, Mr. Sun. Bye.	episode_done:True
art of the e-book instead of their previous paper books.	labels:The platform is for free cooperation, yes.
text:We're not allowed to charge students because the platform is not allowed, it's a State regulation, but because we're all going to buy paper books, but we're going to make them available in the form of e-books and in the form of voluntary purchases.I don't think so.Right.	labels:How did that platform class go? That class is...
text:Classes are ours.	labels:The curriculum doesn't learn.
text:We've got a whole class. Look at us working with Taigeys and schools like Shanxi Technologies, and these are, and Taiyuan Science and Technology, and we've given them all together. And there's a part, for example, of the courses they have, which we didn't have in our previous school collection, and we'll work with them to buy them, and then we'll have access to them, including the same professions that you have with them, so you can use one of the school's modules, so it's better for the students, and they can go to a good school like this.	labels:When was the last time you worked with you for this? That's how you did it.
text:You think we're on the same platform now, don't you?I don't think so.Now, have you talked to any of the other platforms?	labels:Nothing.
text:You're responsible for the deal, aren't you? Because I think you know better about the deal, including the teaching section.	labels:What's going on?
text:You've started school, haven't you? Me.	labels:School starts now with me.
text:You'll be here next week to find you at school, won't you?	labels:You call me first.
text:I'll meet you next week, Monday or Tuesday, and I'll check in early, and then I'll meet with you.I don't think so.And then we'll talk about it more specifically.	labels:If you come tomorrow, contact me in advance.
text:Okay, here's your cell number. I'll add you later, no.	labels:This is my office phone, not my cell phone.
text:I'm playing back number 138 with Eddie.	labels:My office phone is a mobile number.
text:I'll talk to you on the phone. I'll be able to reach you on the phone at any time. Okay, I'll be fine.I don't think so.I'll contact you at work. I'll contact you at work. I'll send you a message when I see you.	labels:Now.
text:How's the enrolment going this year? I see you've got a lot of expertise this year.	labels:We're talking now.
text:Yeah, I'm on it, too.	labels:Right.
text:That's it for the first time. You're busy, okay?	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is this Chongqing Teacher College?	labels:What are you talking about?
text:I'd like to consult about the matriculation exam.	labels:New NCE signed you up for this call.
text:Teacher, because there was something I didn't know about, he called me and he introduced our school, and I wanted to come over and make sure that he could learn online.	labels:You're making that call because they're the institutions that make the admissions, and we're not supposed to commission them.
text:I don't know what it is or what it is.	labels:You make that call, they need to know better, okay.
text:I'll give you a good report.	labels:653644323432. Good or 3435. Okay, I'll write it down.
text:Thank you very much, sir.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Dean Chu.	labels:Where are you?
text:This is what I'm getting off to. We're a learning platform. We've been talking to President Han all along, and then he says he's been transferred before the holidays, and then he's gonna call you later.	labels:Yeah, how are you doing now? I don't see the platform. I don't know what the platform is. I don't see anything when you get there.
text:Now that you have a pedagogic platform called Red Dust, then President Han was supposed to have three learning platforms, and the students were going to learn about it, so your platform was supposed to be planned, but because you're moving, and then you may delay what we want.	labels:You're already doing it. They're already trying, aren't they?I don't think so.Still no use.
text:It's not working yet, it's not working yet, so we're going to start by talking to you again.	labels:I just had a meeting with the department yesterday, and they said there was already a system in use.
text:A managed system is in use, and it is not a system of management versus a system of learning.	labels:It has no funding.
text:We're also more flexible in our approach, and it's the part of the funds we have to think about later. Let's see if we can make sure that we meet one of the needs of our school.	labels:It's like you haven't signed the final agreement. You haven't done anything, have you?
text:Yeah, so we thought about waiting until the start of the school, because you just came and didn't talk about it, so we'd like to talk to you about it in person.I don't think so.Yeah? I don't know when you're going to school.	labels:We're starting early.
text:There should be no impact on Zhejiang's side.	labels:Where are you?
text:Our company is from Nanking.	labels:But we can't move in the disaster zone with Nanjing.
text:Without us in Nanjing, we were already on the Zhejiang side because I was in charge of Zhejiang.I don't think so.Yes, it's always been in Zhejiang, and I haven't been there.	labels:That's right? Right.I don't think so.I don't know exactly what's going on in school control right now, because I'm on vacation recently, but I'm at work and I'm at work, but I don't know exactly what the situation is.
text:That's right. What if you're on duty now?I don't think so.Really not.	labels:I have a job. I'll come over and I'll work a lot.
text:I don't have this.	labels:I was in charge of just two departments, and now I add one department to three.
text:You've got a lot of work to do. You haven't handed over your library work yet.	labels:There's no librarian.
text:That's me. You must be tired.	labels:There's also a training centre where the director of the training room is in charge of this.
text:Director, you were at the library. If you're talking about this platform, you should be more involved. I know.	labels:So you're telling you the platform, so I understand.I don't think so.Right.
text:So then this platform will have to worry about joining it, and they'll certainly want to be part of it.	labels:Now I'm trying to figure out if he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money, he's got the money.I don't think so.From my point of view, from my personal perspective, including my former company, it is unlikely that this can be done.
text:Yes, it is.I don't think so.That's what the Dean said. Have you been here lately, or have you had something to do before today?	labels:I'm basically coming and going, and I'm not fixed because I'm on board, and I'm having a meeting this afternoon, and I'm going to take care of some things in the office after the meeting.
text:Because I'm on the side of Zhejiang, so I'd like to see if you'll be a little free for the summer, and I'll come over and talk to you for the summer, and then you can tell me if you can come in.	labels:I don't know if I can still come in. Now listen to us.
text:I see you didn't apply for me here.	labels:You've got a trip card or something, you've got a trip card or something.
text:It's okay. I'm in Zhejiang.I don't think so.It's all in Zhejiang, not in Hangzhou.	labels:But why don't you send me the plan first? I'll take a look at it first.
text:Let's just add your message, shall we?	labels:I'm on this phone number.
text:Fine, I'm...	labels:Now you're calling me to be moving.
text:That's right. I'll give you a quick pass. Okay.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mrs. Geng, I'm a bit of an aloof, and we're a learning platform. Are we working on it? No, the Green School, we visited him in 1819, when he was in charge of the hospital, when he wasn't there, and then he didn't come back, and now he wants to ask if you're a lot of people.I don't think so.Right.	labels:Now we're going to school, and I'm going to have to report this to the headmaster, so you can add my letter and send me some information about our platform.
text:Okay.	labels:Do you have a paper version or an electronic version?
text:We have a paper version of the electronic version here, and we'd like to come over and see when you start.	labels:After the beginning of school, it is likely that it will be completed in mid-September.
text:All right, I'll take it from here.	labels:You put me on a note, my cell number is my signal, you give me a copy of the electronic material, okay.
text:Do you really want to have a platform to run and teach this piece?	labels:Yeah, the school too.
text:It is being examined that you are now in harmony in Shandong, that there may be more schools to work with, and that you have no contact with them.	labels:Because we're also looking at it.I don't think so.Every platform will look at it.
text:All right, I'll do whatever you want with me. You said it's a bit busy, and then we'll see the 10th of September and we'll talk to you later.I don't think so.If you'll excuse me first, I'll come and talk to you in person.	labels:Anyway, let's add my message. You give me the electronic material first.
text:I'll do it in a minute.	labels:And then you send me one of these, mainly about our platform functionality and so on.
text:It's okay.I don't think so.If you say you don't know anything about the micro-mail, you don't see it. You do it directly with me, and then I can see if there's any more details, and then I'll send it back. My first edition might be a brochure for us, or maybe it's a little less.	labels:All right, do you guys have a platform?
text:I'm more concerned.I don't think so.The platform ' s functional development is about how teaching is built, teaching is government and teaching is a subject.	labels:You guys have class resources, don't you?
text:How many professional students do you have now for the dean, and we can make you a copy that matches the course, and see how we match the course with you.	labels:We now have seven professionals.
text:Seven professionals, we'll get you a plan, we'll match you, see how we match your curriculum.	labels:Now.
text:Do you have one of those specialties, like some of those that might be, that might be a bit lower, like coal, if not normally?	labels:You're talking about a more alternative comparison.I don't think so.Yeah, we're a public professional.
text:Well, I'll put you on a note later, and then I'll turn me over to one of our functions.	labels:Okay, because this is what we do later, and I'm sure I'm comfortable with what we're going to say, and it's not possible to say that today's for sure too.I don't think so.And then you send me one, like an operation manual, and you can't say an operation manual until it's built like this.
text:I'll go through with you later, okay?I don't think so.I'll see you later.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mr. Lee. How are you? I'm worried about you. Can you talk now?	labels:Super-new about anything.
text:Supernova, we're a learning platform for the platform.	labels:I'm on it now. Okay.
text:You're pro-poor or something, aren't you?	labels:No, I came by the mountains to enroll.
text:I'm going to be brief here, and I'm going to talk to you briefly, and we've got a learning platform and we've got this deal.	labels:We've already been to the learning platform.
text:Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.	labels:It's working.
text:Because any of our colleagues followed you up last year, and we saw that it was useful, but now come and see how you use it and see if we have any follow-up opportunity, which is the opportunity to provide services.	labels:Why don't you contact our office?
text:The office? Who's in charge of this?	labels:Chief of Staff Tang Jiang. 81319948131994.
text:Who's the teacher in charge of this?	labels:It's the Yangtze, isn't it?
text:Thank you. Thank you, Miss Lee. Okay.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Chief Zhang. I'm from the Qing Pong School.	labels:Hello. What's up?
text:Well, we had a colleague who visited you before, and I don't know if you remember. We're dealing with this platform because I think he's recording that we're working with Red Dust this year. You might be here.	labels:23 years 2019 20212221.
text:You're not working together, three sessions in 192021, so let's see if there's a chance for us in 22 years.	labels:When are you coming over?
text:We'd like to come over and visit because we'll see when your time is convenient.	labels:Why don't you just wait till school starts? You'll be off soon.
text:We can start school, but we're primarily in charge of the platform, right?I don't think so.Yeah. How do you feel about the Red Dust side? That's how you compare the idea, because if you use it well, we certainly don't have to go.	labels:It's okay, we're doing it right now, basically.
text:Do they, for example, meet school requirements in all aspects of the classroom function?	labels:Basics they're now improving a lot, constantly processing, yes.
text:Because we also have contact with them on our side.I don't think so.Now is our dean still the former Dean Lee? Not the other way around.	labels:Changed first.
text:Did you just change it this year?	labels:Right.
text:I see that you have not changed the message of your leader, but it is written by President Lee and President Huang.	labels:This one's new. It's not for June.
text:Changed at the beginning of June. Okay. When are you off?	labels:If you come, I suggest you go home.
text:Well, you like to borrow it from yourselves. If you want to renew it with Red Du, when are you going to check it out? I'm sure you're going to do it right away, because students are about to start enrolling in October.	labels:You can get the second half of the year in the long run.
text:Good, because we have a leader from Texas, too, because he might want to visit you directly when he comes home, I don't know.	labels:We're actually going to look at your platform, look at your service. For me in Hunan, what I'm doing today, I'm pretty sure I feel good about myself. We've been in touch with the big platform a few times.
text:It is true that we now have the same opportunity as you now, and we want to fight for it, that is the same thing.	labels:From the point of departure that we use ourselves, we are not very willing to change, because it is a cost to learn at first hand, yes.I don't think so.That's right, what, because you have a very good price and a very good service.
text:So we wanted to come over and communicate, and if we don't, you'll surely say, for example, that we might have an advantage against the dust, or that you might want you to develop what you see.	labels:About what time?I don't think so.You probably have a time.
text:We think that if you're at school recently, I can arrange for colleagues to come over tomorrow or the day after tomorrow. Or you.	labels:What's next week? Do you want to see the Red Dust platform, or do you want us to see your platform?
text:If you want to show us, you can compare the two platforms. Because you're also going to have to renew it with Red Dust or you're looking at it, and even if you want to go now, it's a little more likely, but now we're relative.	labels:It's gotta be a little more likely, yeah.
text:So we'd like to come over here and get you a look at our platform, that's what you're attracted to. Is that what that means?	labels:That's all.
text:You said price functional services in all their aspects.	labels:Why don't you come by tomorrow morning?
text:All right, then I'll see if any of my colleagues can come over, and I'll ask him to call you directly. Do you want to leave a phone number?	labels:Didn't you have a cell phone number before?
text:We're both RAM numbers.	labels:It's possible to keep a cell phone number.
text:Can you give me a cell phone number? I'll tell you when I'm in charge of this co-worker. I'll check it out.	labels:I'll ask you how many families in your province use that for you.
text:Why don't I tell you about it? Like last year's Red Dust for our platform, like Jiangsu University of Technology, that's a good one.	labels:I'll choose to expand the team later.
text:We used red dust before last year, and now we're going to Jiangkoda.	labels:Not in town.I don't think so.For the town, it used to be a pilot, for the model. It's yours today.
text:Yeah, well, if it's easy for us now, you can go and see, and then we can.	labels:I'm sure it's very well known, yes.
text:We can also make an appointment with you at this school, we can talk to each other, we can take you on an appointment, and we can arrange a trip for you.I don't think so.And now there's something bigger than Nanjing Audit University in South Province.	labels:Is it for the South Judge?
text:South Province's been with us for years, 16, 17 years or 15 years, and it's been working with us for years anyway.	labels:Right?
text:There are more than 10 units in Jiangsu's 2nd Division. I'll report one to you. I'll give you a few first. We're more typical, like Jiangsu's second.	labels:It's a double special, isn't it?
text:Started in 2020. Yeah, I said recently.	labels:It's the right thing to use last year, and I know that after the meeting from the province in 1918, everyone's been working, yeah.I don't think so.I don't hear much of you coming here the last time, and there's not a single platform that you could have been telling the truth at that time.
text:Yeah, we're not going to be like before. We have all the models, like Brother Jiang.	labels:You can come and see it. I said I'd watch TV, yeah.
text:I'll leave you a cell phone number so I can add your micromail for 77111138.	labels:014701410001100.
text:Can I add this to your letter?	labels:It's good for you. Okay, we'll talk about two more guys.
text:One of the heads of the Jiangsu side of our side, this area of Jiangsu, is under his sole responsibility, including what I mentioned earlier, such as Jiangkota and so on.	labels:Where are all the headquarters?
text:Just in Nanjing, where we used to be based in Suzhou, we always have to do it now because moving to Nanjing would be better in all aspects of corporate development.	labels:Let me ask you again, are you buying out or in the form of a service?
text:We're a service form. I'm sure I'd like to make it clear to you.	labels:They bought one million from them before, like.
text:He was primarily a cooperative management platform, and certainly you know the teaching area, and now he's learning the section, and now we're mainly all about it, and so are we.	labels:It's all in the form of a letter-raising service. How much do you think you're going to cost a litre a student?
text:I'll tell you the truth, it depends on the size of the student, and then it's going to have some impact on each of their subjects, around $300, and I can only give you an approximate figure.	labels:300 bucks.I don't think so.Yeah, the red one's not even there, the red one's less than 250.
text:I think it's up to us to look at the number of students and so on. We're working with Jiangkoda here, because I'm not dealing with a very specific price aspect. I can only give you one of our approximate prices, and you can talk to our colleagues here.	labels:Be good, that's it.
text:And you know, I'm sure I can't give you one specific thing, because we're doing a whole service. Okay, I'll just add a few letters to you, and then I'll let him know when.I don't think so.I'm sorry to bother you.	episode_done:True
text:How do you do? Is this the teacher from Pan-China Insurance?	labels:Who is it?
text:It's 11 for me. Where was the insurance at the bank?I don't think so.Umu had a simple conversation with you at the All-Star Lecturer's Competition at the Bank Insurance Package. Don't you remember?I don't think so.I'll just...I don't think so.I remember when you said you used to go back to the insurance industry, and yes, so I talked a little more simply about it, and here's the thing about the URL platform, which we supported at the All-Star Lecturer Competition.	labels:And then you signed up, didn't you?
text:You should be.	labels:Did you report it? But I didn't hand it over, did I?
text:Yeah, and then, the game was over, and then the finals came up, and they had 67 lecturers in the finals, and then their work was shown on our platform. So here's what I want to share with you, which means you can see their work as soon as you're on our platform, and I don't know if you're interested in looking at it.	labels:You have a message for me, don't you?
text:I guess I didn't, and now I'm just adding your cell number?	labels:Would you like me to take a look at it?
text:Okay, then I'll send you this link with your micro-mail, and you'll be able to access our platform when you order it.I don't think so.Good, good, good. You're busy.I don't think so.Good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Master Wang, I'm from Qing's school. We've been talking to you several times last year. I want to see what we're doing on the school platform.	labels:You're going to say something directly.
text:Are we working with Red Dust now due next year? Want to see if we have a chance to follow up.	labels:Looks like we're done with the work.
text:Did you just sign this year?I don't think so.Right.	labels:This year we re-signed the agreement.
text:It's resigning.	labels:It's like it's severe.
text:Are we signing a management platform or learning brands because I see Hangzhou as if you didn't tell me to start using it.	labels:Coverage has nothing to do with coverage, and we will notify the platform at that time.
text:We work here, right?I don't think so.There's a lot of students on our side, but it's still mainly a management platform with red dust.	labels:I don't care about this because of the specific business, because they're in charge and they're asking me if I can handle it.
text:I'm gonna talk to the teacher down there.	labels:Go make specific contact if he has anything to do with it.
text:How's it going?I don't think so.Okay.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Chief Liu.	labels:Who are you?
text:I'm the one who just contacted him, Mr. Wu, and then we made a deal on the learning platform, which he says you're in charge of.	labels:We're already doing it.
text:When I knew we were going to visit Dean Chen last year, he said you'd worry about it and say it's due to expire this year.	labels:I haven't found it. It's not finished yet.
text:We've been working together, but we haven't done it yet. We've been working together for a couple of years? Five years. Five years.	labels:Why don't we talk about it in five years?
text:Be good. Good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is this the manager of Shanghai Kai-hoon?	labels:Where are you? Hello.
text:I'm umu here. I've had an exchange with you at the Circus Conference before. Does it ring any bells?	labels:Hello. Can I help you?
text:So, we're doing this interactive platform, and we've got some Shanghai cases in your business management section, and we're here to see if it's possible to use our brand when you go to the company for this kind of training, so we want to have a two- or three-minute conversation with you, and I don't know if it's convenient.	labels:It's gonna be easy for me to go back to what I want, just walking, maybe talking for a few minutes, not just because I saw you guys, but I think there's a better or more interactive aspect to it, because you say, for example, you want someone else to speak, and a lot of people are intuitive, and he doesn't say anything, and you let him speak out of character, and I think it's nice to meet someone who doesn't say anything, and you never know where people come from, but the best thing you can do is just say what you want to say on a cell phone, so everyone's opinions can be put together, and everyone is basically involved, and I think it's nice to meet.
text:Yeah, and then we're learning interactively, which is probably more relevant to a specific business you're doing now, because a lot of business management is using it, and you're doing this training, and you're supposed to have hundreds of people on a single scale.	labels:This doesn't have to look at the type, you know, like this kind of open class under this line, maybe 20 or 30 people, then, if it's a big forum or something like that, maybe hundreds of people.I don't think so.Then, for example, some small classes might be smaller, but not necessarily.
text:You don't know the rest of them, do you?I don't think so.I have a colleague from Shanghai who specializes in this area, and then I think I'm going to ask him to meet you directly, see if there's time to meet his head, and see if we can really use this piece for you, and let's talk about one.	labels:That's right.I don't think so.What's your name again? Is that what you're talking about, like, interactive interaction. Are you a small program, a small program?
text:Here's what we're talking about, for example, you're a lecturer, and then you're interacting, for example, two-dimensional, and we have this function of asking questions about these interactions, and you put these two-dimensional numbers on the big screen, and their students just have to use cell phone micromails to clean them up.I don't think so.Students don't have to set up the APP, but you're a teacher. You need to do this. If you use it, you need to publish some of these interactive features on the APP, but for students it's easy for them, they just have to sweep a micromail with a cell phone.	labels:That's right.I don't think so.Because right.
text:If you have any questions on your side, I can give you an answer.	labels:It wasn't me who was involved, I thought it was fun, and I thought it was fun, but I thought it was a little bit of a procedure, you know?
text:The teacher has some functions for you, for example, that you're going to sign and ask questions about them, and you're going to do them on the APP. You've seen them before, so you can put them all on the big screen, so you can show them. And about this, like those insiders, you don't speak, and you don't know what's going on, but if we get involved, we can at least get them to participate in it and see what's going on.	labels:When I ask you, you mean to wait for you to sell me a little program, don't you think?
text:We are the account, we are the account, we are the account after you use our APP, we open your account, you just log in your own account, and we'll log in when you open it. Then you can use the functionality inside.	labels:So you're saying that you're a big account, and then I'm going to use one of your sub-accounts, that's what you mean. Do you understand that? To him.
text:No, you are independent of your account, you are a teacher's account, and after you publish something, the student does not need to register, and he can use it.	labels:I know. I mean, I mean, I can count this sub-account on your side, right?
text:Yes, but your account number is independent, and it's uncomplicated with the rest, and your content is independent, so if you have a teacher down there, you can be an administrator yourself, and you can have another teacher down there, and you can do a management assignment like this. If you are a company with a lot of lecturers, then you can manage some of their accounts as a whole.	labels:You mean there's a sub-account, and there's a general on it.
text:The account's in charge. Right. Look at it here. You're in Shanghai, right?	labels:Yes, in Shanghai.
text:We direct our colleagues from Shanghai to you because I am from Beijing and it is not convenient for me to run.I don't think so.Then we had a brief conversation with you at the last meeting, and today it's more convenient for you to have time and then have a chance to talk to you more.	labels:There's no time now. I'm at my destination now. I'm busy now.
text:I know what I'm saying is that I'm going to get our colleagues from Shanghai to meet you, and if you need anything, we can show you on site.	labels:No, I know it, and I know it. Didn't I take part in your half-day class that day? I interacted on the spot, and I know I probably know it.
text:If you're going to use it, you're going to be on our side, and we're going to have colleagues.	labels:I didn't ask you how you pay for that thing.
text:The cost would actually be to see you open a general function and your general account number, so I'm going to say I'm going to ask some of the rest of us to do this because I was on this side of the market and I might have less knowledge of it. I need some of our professional client managers to talk to you.I don't think so.Right.	labels:And then I think I know basically all about it, don't I?I don't think so.Because he was, and he was, more clearly.
text:I think you do know about this function, but it actually includes you giving you an entire function that is different for each function, including the number of accounts that leads to different prices, and I can't promise you much here.	labels:That's when you said I'm busy. I'm busy.
text:When can I get my colleague to contact you? Tomorrow or the day after tomorrow?	labels:I'll talk to you later. I'm busy. I can't talk.
text:I'll call you later, okay? Good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, I've got 1201 here, and I've got a simple conversation with you on the National Information Lecturer. Do you remember?	labels:What's wrong?
text:And we're the platform's supporters, and we'd like to talk to you. How do you train this piece now?	labels:It's normal to talk about drugs when talking about products.
text:You're using our platform to give students a lecture, right? You'll use it for training.	labels:We'll mention that this thing will probably be used in part.
text:Are you using it directly from the top of the company, or are you using it
