text:Hello, is this Manager Wang's side? Yes. Hello, my name is Wei, from Wuhan Bedau Markets. Do you work for your company?	labels:I'm not ready to make this piece right now.
text:Are you in art training or what?	labels:Artistic training.
text:Well, I signed an art training for myself the previous two days, and he's an art artist, and he's working with the Cold Army Master, and they're the website I made for him, and he's on the site, and he's probably going to do one, which means we're going to do a show, and then he's going to do an art training type at a later stage.I don't think so.Is that the way they are? Is that the way you're going?	labels:We're just the same. Our team's doing the same thing.
text:Under the line, what's going on here?	labels:We're not doing it online now, we're mostly under 44.3 for the studio.
text:How many studios do you have here?	labels:There are only three so far.
text:Are all three on this side? Yes, because I see your address around us, right here in the present-day international garden.	labels:There's one here.
text:Are you thinking of doing this side of the site, too?	labels:We think about it on the Internet, but on the Internet we may wait this year because it takes a lot of resources to put in the company, so say we may be doing some work on it this year.
text:You mean, for example, video pictures.	labels:The insides are working on some companies, because you're going to have to do a little bit. Yeah, it's in there.
text:In particular, your type of art may give more prominence to some of your work.	labels:He's not like some kind of technology site. You can find anything that needs you. We're definitely going to do it.I don't think so.For example, in terms of time, we may need a process, including the fact that we are now also collecting some pictures of information, including some college information, and some other resources, which we are slowly integrating.
text:Isn't that right?I don't think so.Now it's mostly about the point under the line, which is that it's not even started yet.	labels:There are some other areas where there is a little bit of replication.
text:But what else is the platform.	labels:It's got something that's been done recently by a cow mom, and then there's something popular about it that's a little bit more and not much to do.
text:It's mostly the same.	labels:Because the company may have made some adjustments, right?
text:Mr. Wang, my last name is Wei, can I add your cell phone number?	labels:It's ours that can be added.
text:Do you think you're in charge of the fossils or the other teachers?	labels:I'm the other teacher now.
text:That's what I'm going to say is that this is a micro-letter from your studio, which is that I'm usually in a better position to communicate with.	labels:I usually talk to the phone. I usually pick you up. Do I forget about the other teachers?
text:Is that right? I'll add your side of the message, and he'll do the same because he's my own client, and he's on the line now.I don't think so.I can send you a copy of its web site, because I made it all for him.	labels:What kind of institution, because I'm pretty much familiar with this part of my business.
text:It's called the first family name.	labels:What's your name?
text:Ho Yean-sy's right.	labels:It's a small circle.
text:Friends? Yeah, you can ask him. We made his website for him.	labels:Him.
text:He's calling Antar's studio as if he's in a single pool, just around the second phase of the single pool.	labels:He's on stage two. Yeah, I don't feel like he's been in touch with him for two days. Give him back the money, yeah.
text:He didn't have his circle of friends the previous two days, and he did not come here last month, last month, and then there was an exhibition.	labels:You know how big the circle is, don't you?
text:Yeah, he's in what's called the fresh water pool, the heavenly pleasure.	labels:I heard he was doing this before.
text:But because it's also a special coincidence that his dad does this type of air conditioner recycling, and then we do it at 100 degrees.I don't think so.And then I was my client, and then he introduced me, and he wanted to do it with his son.	labels:The main thing is just making a website.
text:We're doing website and website outreach, which means that you're going to do chemical training later, for example? You're going to train adults, you're going to do this art training, you're going to search through keywords, just like you usually use 100%, right?I don't think so.What's the problem with searching up there is that it's called the key word in our professional terms, that's what you say or a product word, to find you in this way, and not just to make a website to show the people you know how it works.	labels:They've come to us before, mainly because they think it may be necessary to think that sometimes it may be a latent process, which I understand, because, as your institution develops, you have to have a certain amount of weight in this place, and it's more meaningful.
text:Yes, and your profession is quite special, because it's more professional, isn't it? And it's a little more original.	labels:You can see how you charge the bill here.
text:We're doing this because we're doing the same thing, and we're going to make you two web sites, mobile and computer stations, and we're going to do it for free, because you're doing it together with advertising, and you're going to do it for free.I don't think so.Well, then we have two types of advertising, one search, one search, and one key word that we can find you, for example, by training him to find these search patterns on your web site, and another one called a stream of ads. Did you notice anything about the ads below when you brushed the news?I don't think so.We can also do ads like that, but our ecology can be on the backstage, so far.	labels:The way you do marketing, for some of the small institutions that we've just started, it's actually a regional constraint that I understand.
text:So what I'm telling you is we're not just a search engine just like we used to be. We're not just searching, we're doing news ads, we're doing news headlines.I don't think so.If you have three dots, we can set up a business-world design firm on the backstage, for example, you can.	labels:How's the flow going?
text:Since the flow of information is mainly directed at mobile end of a cell phone, you know that more than 70 per cent of people now use a cell phone, which is more likely to be used than PC would say, our ad is focused on the end of a cell phone, if that means you want to know about it, if that's what you want to know in the afternoon.	labels:Yes, because they've been here before.
text:The information stream has not been introduced to you in this ad.	labels:I just feel like time.
text:It may be premature and premature.	labels:And then economically, so far, we're probably doing some of the insides, and the economy is not going to spread, because if I do this, I'm sure I'm going to have to do it alone.
text:Yeah, it's probably a network-managed piece.	labels:So sometimes you don't think about it.
text:Well, that's okay. I'll put you on the list, so if there's anything wrong with you later on, you can ask me, and then I can post it to you, and I made it for him.I don't think so.Yeah, you know him anyway. Ask him and he'll know me, but he shouldn't know.	labels:If you don't do this now, I'm not directly involved.
text:You just heard of him, didn't you?	labels:It's not that I don't know, but he doesn't know that I'm doing this because I'm not part of this body right now.
text:That's what I'm talking about.	labels:My own thing.
text:If you're in the studio, there might be a special teacher to pick you up.	labels:Yeah, I'm not running this block right now.
text:Is that convenient for you? That means I add you.	labels:Just a micro-mail. Just a micro-mail if you have anything.
text:Can we get a message? Be good. I'll put a message through later. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is there a gallery called the East-West Lake Mansion Gallery? Hello, I'd like to ask you about Mr. Wu's house. What's the matter? My name is Shming, Eun-shou, Min-min, Jae-min, and I've been in touch with him before. I'm here to promote your business. I want to ask you if there's a card to put your business on the Internet to promote it.	labels:100 degrees no.
text:I don't know if you know the 100-degree model and the cost.I don't think so.No, you have thought about putting your business on the Internet for an extension, except under the line, for example, you have a gallery, you can see it at your shop, you can sell it online, and you can find it.	labels:How much a year.
text:We're not in a year's time, we're the ones who pay for it by effect, and we're the ones who set the keywords.I don't think so.If someone else searches your client online, and then he finds it, then your website will appear in front of your client, so that he can know your information, and then contact you, you know a rhythm like this. Do you have your own website? No.	labels:You mean Chow Tianjie?
text:No, it's a website, your own independent network of officials, but we're not doing a website, we're doing an extension, we're going to put your website on the front page, and we're going to let more people know about you.	labels:You're saying that last time it was as popular as the Beijing Carabineros 2 Hospital.
text:You've been following the Visoci incident, too, haven't you?	labels:A lot of friends sent them a little.
text:Is that what the news says? Is that what you know? Is that what it is? Have you ever thought about putting your business on the Internet? Because, honestly, I don't know what you think, because one person is sick, and you can't blame a network company? We're not doctors, and we are.	labels:I mean, I don't have that much money for promotion, and I can't push it.
text:Because you're here to say that every business is different, and then we're here to pay for it as a result. If you don't have a website, we're here to pay $1,300 in commercial debt, and then there's another $10 million in service, a year's service, and then it's a prepaid fee. You said you saw him talking about medical care online, right?I don't think so.It's true that it's larger in the medical sector, but the average price of a single click, like yours, is probably one or two dollars. It's not very expensive. It's not the same.	labels:You'll fuck a couple of people in his city, and I won't do anything about it.
text:Are you talking about malicious hits? Look at this one. You think I'm doing business with you and then how I might hit you meanly for this kind of money, and you say that if we're a company, it's the same.	labels:You guys have.
text:I know what you mean, for example, if you open an account on our side, then our company, because I don't know if you know that our company has more than 2,000 people on our side, then we have two technology buildings, and we have a computer on hand, but all our employees click on your website, and we're all free because we have an IP exclusion tool.I don't think so.If you are afraid, for example, that your colleague's malicious clicks are always on your website, you can find your information on the backstage.I don't think so.Because if you open the account, we'll have a 100-degree commercial bridge software worth $1,500, which is free for you, and you can check it out yourself. So you said we'd been doing business for so long, how can we possibly have our own clients, and we'd certainly like to work with you for a long time.I don't think so.You can't say you're an old customer if you're selling something like that. You're always asking him for a price. That's not what you're doing. You're sure you want your client to come for the third time? That's what you're talking about.	labels:I don't know much about this one, so I haven't been able to get through.
text:It's okay, because our business is really very simple, it's also small and medium-sized, so you can try a 100-degree extension. Who are you with, Mr. Wu?	labels:My wife is.
text:Your wife? I guess I guess. What's your last name?	labels:There's no need for this.
text:My last name is Ssh, and my name is Smitty, and your agile is Smitty. You can actually try to do a 100-degree promotion, and you can actually work with us, and you can do well, which means you can try one, or you can get to know this one more.I don't think so.Then I can say to you, uh, you can probably estimate that if I find out about your gallery, there's almost a month of searches in the north of the lake, and there's 972 searches in the last month.	labels:Yeah, that's the gallery, right? Yeah.
text:But there may be other things on your side, you must not just sell goods or have other business, and our keyword does not mean that only one is set, and you can set them according to your own needs.I don't think so.And if you would like to say, for example, that you may be doing business in Wuhan, you can simply let Wuhan's network see your information because we have a location, so you won't have to do it, and you won't have to waste any of your promotion costs.	labels:Well, how much should it be? It's generally like your estimate.
text:This is what I've just told you, if you don't have a website, we can make you a two-stop shop, a cellular site and a computer-based two-blank station, because some people might like to search this for $1,300, so you can ask which Internet company we're at a lower price, because we're mostly doing promotions, but we're doing it for some customers who don't have a website, and we're doing it for him.I don't think so.And then there's a service fee of $1,200, that's 200 a year, and this is that we have a one-to-one customer service to help you maintain your website, and then there's a problem on your website, and he solves all the problems after the sale. See if you become a salesman for a month, right? And then there's a pre-arrangement because I just told you how much we click, and you know how much, so you save one, just like you charge, and then you call and you withhold a little money, that's the way.I don't think so.And now, as you say in your business, it's $6,000, which is the lowest price, because it's the same.	labels:A click on how much a click once.
text:I've looked at you, because we can only tell you one average price, and we can't tell you every single one of them, like, how much he costs to one of your peers.I don't think so.You're probably going to take it down, but I'm going to talk to you about the average price of a click, and then you're going to be relatively cheap, seven.	labels:Four.
text:Seventy-four.	labels:Seventy-four, or seventy-four, yes.
text:And here you are, saying you can set the other key words, because the word gallery may be relatively small, because you're not selling the gallery, are you?	labels:So why don't you let me talk to you about this?
text:That's okay, so you're asking me if you have any business on your side. Is there any business on your side? Is this business information called the Wuhan East and West Lake Mansion Gallery? What is it? Can you see that you have time tomorrow morning? You can think about it, then we can go to your gallery tomorrow morning and show it to you in person. It's okay. Maybe because I called you on the phone, you can't say you're about to do it right away, right?I don't think so.It's not practical, and then you may have a lot of information that you don't know very well.	labels:It's my business register.
text:Yeah, I see your business, because I know that you and I work together, and you know that we're going to work with people who have business, and we're not saying that we're going to work with him more formally, and we're going to see that you're going to work with him, and you're going to be set up on August 14, 2012. So I'm going to ask you if you have time for tomorrow morning. Are you at the gallery?I don't think so.We can show you tomorrow morning because we don't know what we're talking about on the phone, and then we can tell you about it because...	labels:Pre-charges add up so tens of thousands of dollars.
text:That's $8,500. If you have a website, it's 'cause I said you're 6000 for pre-release, but it doesn't mean you're running out right away, does it?I don't think so.And this one is a relatively cheap one, which means you can spend $6,000 for a long time.	labels:One dollar a click, one dollar a click, and you let him order 6,000, right?
text:How can I tell you that there's another day you can go online, and you can save it every day, like a budget, like 50 bucks a day, and I'll just go up, and I'll go off the line, and I won't waste any more of my pre-charges, which you can control, and then you can make a specific push, depending on your day off, or what you want, your own company, for example, every hour of the day, and you probably don't feel like you need any more at midnight, do you?I don't think so.If you do this, you don't have to do any promotions. You can just get off the line.I don't think so.So it's easy for you to open your own account on our side, you'll have a business bridge system that you can contact directly with our customer service on your own side, and you can match it with him, and you can set it according to your own information. Unlike some people who help you directly, no matter how well you do or how well you promote it, he doesn't care how many people come to your website. But we pay for it on the basis of the results, so that's how it is.	labels:So I don't understand why we have an Internet technology company doing business here, and he says that we make a few hundred dollars and how I do it, what I do, I don't do it, we don't do it in the neighborhood, we don't pick up the sound from Wuchang.
text:I know what you're saying. You're only doing it on the East and West Lake side, aren't you?	labels:It's the voice of the outside world, and we're all very familiar friends, and he's driving himself.
text:I know what you mean. But I know what you mean. You're usually in the neighborhood now, and then you're in the old customer's business. But one of the advantages of it is that it's primarily about the need to buy a painting, and then he doesn't know that you're in the gallery, so he's going to search it. He's going to look for you, and then he's going to come up with you, and he's going to show us that we're free of charge. So, for example, you're going to search your cell phone or flowers on 100 degrees, and it's going to be a lot of news about flowers, isn't it?I don't think so.But we don't charge, you see, we don't charge, but as long as he's interested in your website, or in your creative drawings, he clicks into your website, and we only charge when he looks at it, so that's one way to do it, so it's easy to say that you don't waste much of your promotion.	labels:You probably.
text:Got it?	labels:I'll pay when someone comes in, and you'll pick me up, won't you?I don't think so.That guy you mentioned a dollar, and that sound was someone else's business.
text:You can say that, but we're not talking about soliciting, we can give you a test, that's what it means.	labels:You're gonna get a customer to come in and give a dollar for it.
text:I'm not telling you what the difference is between what I'm saying about a pay-as-you-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-to-go-go-go-go-go-go-to-to-go-to-to-go-to-to-to-go-to-to-go-to-to-to-go-go-to-to-go-to-go-go-go-to-go-to-to-to-go-go-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-to-go-go-go-to-to-to-to-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-to-go-to-to-go-to-to-to-to-to-to-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-to-to-to-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-to-go-go-go-go-go-go-to-go-go-go-go-to-go-go-to-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-go-to-to-to-to-	labels:That's a need and you can link it up, don't you?
text:He's in need, and then I have this thing. Why don't I just let him know you and buy you?I don't think so.That's one way to go out with you if there's a salesman out there, some people he might need, some people he doesn't, and then you're going to judge if there's a need, right?I don't think so.But it's not as boring as the average guy looking for it on the Internet every day, but he doesn't buy it, sure he needs it.I don't think so.So do you think you have time for tomorrow morning? We can meet and talk, and then we can let you know what this piece is, and then we can show it to you in person, because you may not be very clear, and it may not mean that you don't know it, right?	labels:Okay tomorrow.I don't think so.Okay, so much.
text:May I ask your name?I don't think so.Can you tell me your last name again?I don't think so.Don't you need it?I don't think so.Are you in the company tomorrow or are you in the gallery or your wife?	labels:It's all the same, I'm not sure.
text:There's still someone in your gallery, isn't there?I don't think so.You're probably your address tomorrow. Is that what I just told you about your business?I don't think so.Door No. 8 of 210 floors in horticultural city, issue 2?	labels:That doesn't have to be registered in the factory. Changed the address.
text:You know, I know, because some of him might have registered, but he might have moved, right?I don't think so.Actually, I'm gonna make sure, because if I don't find a place, it's not for nothing, is it?I don't think so.It's a waste of time.I don't think so.I'll contact you tomorrow. We'll call you in advance, make sure you're in the gallery, and then we can come over. What time do you want to be in the morning?I don't think so.How about 10:00? 11:10? 11:00. Then I'll have a business manager on my side, then I'll come to you, then I'll talk to you.I don't think so.All right, that's it for now.I don't think so.I'll be in touch tomorrow, we'll be in touch later, and then yes, I'll be in touch later. My name is Sumi, Eunshi, Min, Jay's Min. I'll send my contact on your phone later. You can save it, and then you can add my micromail, which is my cell phone number.I don't think so.If I don't know your last name, I won't be able to tell you, sir.I don't think so.Okay, if you call tomorrow, will you take it or your wife?	labels:This place is my phone.
text:It's your phone call, isn't it? Good, because I'm afraid if I call tomorrow, I'll see you tomorrow morning if your wife doesn't know it, it could cause a false argument.I don't think so.11:00.I don't think so.All right, we'll talk to you at 11 o'clock. All right, that's it. I'll leave you alone.I don't think so.Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, hello.	labels:Is this the manager of the blue card door and window? How are you? My name is Zhang, I'm Zhang Jing Jing Jing, and I'm from Wuhan Baidu.
text:Centurion's right.	labels:Hello manager, we're making aluminum doors and windows. Yes, we're doing it. Now I'd say our company belongs to Hubei Chief Agent, but is there a company on this side of the lake?
text:What's wrong?	labels:If I'm here, I'm going to ask the manager, we're going to do the door and window, and it's summer, and it's going to be like the sunhouse on the balcony, and I'm going to ask our company if there's a plan to make an official website, and I'm going to put you on the 100th homepage to do this battery search and promote our business.
text:About how much silver.	labels:It's about how much money we're working with, and we're paying for it mainly by valid access. Here, I'll ask if there's an official on our company's website.
text:The network is not ready to do it.	labels:The network hasn't done it yet, has it?I don't think so.The first thing we need to do is to make an official website with you, and then we'll put our company's products on the site, and I'll set up some of our products, because I'm going to set them up, because the client needs your products to be decorated at home, I need to be a sunhouse or a balcony, I'm going to search 100 degrees for a balcony or a sunhouse, and so on, so we can put our company's information on the 100-degree front page. If he sees your information, he can call you here the first time to get a connection on the business.
text:I know about what.	labels:If we open an account, we'll pay $1,200 a year for our services. If we do this, we'll have a professional guest attendant running the backstage with you. When you open the account, you'll have to pre-arrange an advertising fee, and we'll have a minimum of 6,000.I don't think so.For 6,000 deposits, if we're on two sites, if we're on one of our companies, we're gonna make you two sites for 1,300 dollars, the lowest of which is 8,500 dollars, and we're gonna do the whole project.
text:8500.I don't think so.Yeah.	labels:If you're here, it's on your side.
text:It's 1300, website day.	labels:Two websites for the 1300 website, one on a computer and two on a cellular end, both of which are words.
text:If I'm not in your 100 degrees and I'm not working on that website in 100 degrees, can I be my network?	labels:That's what I'm going to say, because we're opening up space for you. Independent domain names are backstages, and you're backstages, and you're backstages.I don't think so.Even you.
text:If I don't want to promote it one day, I don't want to do it after I've done it in 100 degrees, I still have this website, I still have it.	labels:That's right, even if you pay back 100%, you'll never do it again. This site is still you.
text:In my own words, usually I have to pay a fee for a year.	labels:One year is 800 dollars for domain space.
text:Domain name space pair.I don't think so.What kind of site are you in?	labels:What we do for you is display-type products, display-type sites, marketing-type sites, so that we also have an independent space domain name, and all we do now are three-networked sites that are either on the end of a cell phone or match, or on a computer, that are smartly matched by the size of your screen.
text:Understood.I don't think so.It's a three-net match, isn't it?	labels:It's the same domain name for the trinet, whether it's on the computer or on my phone. It's the same domain name.I don't think so.What's the name of the company if you're the manager?
text:Business licences are being applied for.	labels:The license hasn't come down yet.I don't think so.There's no going.
text:Did you do it?	labels:Do you have an individual or a company license? No pre-screening, I'm saying it's already pre-screening.
text:I didn't ask if I was looking for someone else. I don't know which one is clear. Does it have anything to do with the license?	labels:Because if we open an account on this side, we'll have to have a license to get online and a license to open an account.I don't think so.That's what the manager said about the Internet. I think you're more interested in your personal words, right?I don't think so.This way you'll see if you're at the company tomorrow.
text:Tomorrow I'll be with my clients. I'm not very convenient. I'm at home for a while.	labels:You can't be a customer all day, you can't see it's early or afternoon, but I'm off on Saturdays and I have nothing to do about it, which means if you're at the company, I can come to your company and talk to you about it.
text:I'm sorry if I didn't say I didn't run away for nothing.	labels:It doesn't matter, because many of our clients meet once, so you can work with us right away.
text:It's not too well understood.	labels:Yeah, well, it's because there's a lot of things on the phone that you don't know on the phone, so if there's a computer in the house, I'll show it to you on the computer.
text:Is that all right? You mean come by tomorrow?	labels:Right.
text:Tomorrow morning.	labels:We're on Changtong Island, on Jiangxia.
text:Plus, I've been here for over a month, and I don't know where Jiangxia is or what Jiangxia is.	labels:Jiangxia Longlong Island. Long Long Long Island. Yes, I mean, you're going straight to the store tomorrow because I was there.
text:I guess I'm a long way from you anyway. I'm on the East and West Lake side.	labels:I know I used to have a customer lake over there, and I used to go to that thing lake, like the hardware modern city, and we used to go to the hardware.
text:This part of the modern city.	labels:Where's the hardware now? Where's the exact address?
text:My money is still heading east today, about a mile or so.	labels:What's the name of that place?
text:This place is called Shinjong City Six Road.	labels:New City 16, huh? New City 16.
text:Sixteen-word ditches.	labels:What's the 16th?
text:I don't know what number it is, but this place is about the Canal Village II, and I don't know if it's anything. It's on the 16th road in the West City, in the middle of the 107th Avenue and the 4th Avenue of Innovation.	labels:Is that what you wrote on top of 58?I don't think so.16 Holes and Innovation Avenue in Wuhan City, 4-to- 4-G logistics class, huh?I don't think so.I'll see you tomorrow at this address. Are you hosting clients in the morning or in the afternoon?
text:How long are you going to be?	labels:I mean, if you had a client in the morning, I'd go in the afternoon, right?
text:That's it? Maybe you should come in the morning.	labels:That's fine. I'll call you when I get there, okay?
text:All right, all right.I don't think so.I'm not sure what to say because.	labels:It's okay, but don't put too much pressure on it, because we're definitely going to have to meet and talk to you, and you're going to be sure you're going to cooperate, right?
text:Right.	labels:Do you have any tweets?
text:That's the phone.	labels:Your cell phone number? My name is Deng. My name is Jang, but it's real. I'll text you later, put your micro-blogging family in touch with me, okay?
text:Thank you very much.	labels:Okay, I'll see you later.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is this Mr. Yuan here? Hello.	labels:Where are you?
text:Hi, you're mainly selling dance items. Hi, my name is Qin Min. The 100-degree promotion is done here at the 100-degree company.	labels:This piece of 100 degrees, right.
text:Because I saw you as a shopkeeper, and because I signed several shopkeepers on my side, I put his shop directly on the 100th front page, so that it would be more likely to be displayed, so I said I wanted to talk to you about this.	labels:Put it on top and push it over there. You get it, you get it, you show up, you show up, you show up, you show up, you show up, you show up, you show up, you show up?
text:Let's just say, what business I take, you'll have your baby in it, you'll have your baby in the key and you'll have your baby in the right place.I don't think so.All we need is a client search, for example, a dance shoe? So I'll just say, I get this, and then your shop can come out.	labels:It's a show shop, isn't it? Is that what it means?
text:Yes, you can see all the information in your shop directly.	labels:When you search it, there's a piece of information from the store, and the one that hits it is the shop.
text:For your own shop.I don't think so.That's because I have a couple of customers on my side who I hear are all three of them, and then they're on top of them, and he's doing more than just one of them, right? And then he's doing more than just one of them, and then I'm going to go after them, and then I'm going into them, and I can't get paid for it, and I'm probably going to look at sales, and I'm going to look at all kinds of evaluations and stuff, and then I'm going to have a lot of pages, and then I'm going to buy a lot of pages, and I can't go over them and see them like us.I don't think so.And so, if you're going to promote it, this one is going to help you directly with your ad based on the keyword. That's right. You're going to be more economical than your partner, and then you're going to be more targeted. Because if you're going to say that I don't need this, I'm not going to search for it, if you're going to search for it.	labels:What are you charging for?
text:We're pushing.I don't think so.One of the key words is that the client searches the key words you have given us, and the search goes into your shop, and we charge you for it, and then we open the account for $7,200, and then there's $6,000 in advertising and 1,200 for our services.	labels:Is it based on the number of hits or what?
text:That means you have to search your business, the key word you have given us for your product, or the key word we set for you, and when we find you, he'll come in before we charge him once, and if he goes in a few times, we will charge you only once.I don't think so.And then, for example, we don't charge a fee if he searches your name directly, or if you search your name directly through it.	labels:I know a 100-degree search will cost you, right?
text:Yeah, if he searches through other ports or your company's name, then we don't charge. Yeah.	labels:He can put you in front of me every time you charge it according to the price of gold or whatever it is.
text:Each key word is a key price, depending on your product.	labels:Right.
text:It's based on one of your own products, for example, you're a dance shoe? For example, we're going to say that the key word might be the price of the key word. The key word is a dollar. It could be a dollar. If it's a few cents, it'll be eight cents.	labels:It's our bid, right.
text:I'm, for example, searching for Wuhan dance on 100 degrees. Are you renting it, wholesale or selling it?I don't think so.You see, I'm looking for dance shoes now, and the first extension link out is a scavenger, a direct scavenger company made up of 100% of ours, Ari from Aihang State, Software Services Ltd., this is a scavenger. Yes, if your company works with us, then we can directly combine your ads with those of the Treasure Shop.	labels:Okay, I've got something to do right now. We'll talk about it later, okay?
text:If you don't want to see North at your company at Huang Ping's, don't you think so?	labels:Let me see what you think, shall I?
text:You'll be home in the morning or in the afternoon.	labels:We'll get to the details when we get here.
text:What's your company's name?	labels:The name of the company is 2245, a small commodity.
text:Two small commodity markets: 2245. 2245, huh?	labels:I can't find a way to call me. Oh, I know, but...
text:What's your company's name?	labels:New Moon Dance, huh?
text:Thank you, Mr. Wu. Wait a minute. How did I get it? Do you know?	labels:There is.
text:The name is "star" or "heart", right?	labels:Joy is joy. There's something I've got to do. Now you get to that place and you're 2245.
text:Can't you find it? 2245, I know, because here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to get you a customer manager for this business, and then we're going to e-mail you in advance, so I'm going to check the company's name and walk through the system. Yeah.	labels:You won't get it.
text:Then what do you want me to do? Tell me which words I can find.	labels:Okay, I don't have time for this. I'll talk to you later, okay?	episode_done:True
text:Is this the soup manager? Hello. I see you're doing this piece of advertising, right?	labels:And...
text:I'm looking for the backstage. Do you want to expand our company's operations now?	labels:What you say is so.
text:Because we've always had a lot of demand on this side, like advertising, campaign planning, and this one.	labels:I don't have a website.
text:You haven't done it yet? When are you going to do it?	labels:I'll call you when I do it.
text:It's not you who can ask our company to do it for you.I don't think so.The website can be packaged together, and there's just one package, so I'm going to let you know when you're going to do it.	labels:How much do you pay for packing together?
text:If you pack it together, the cost of the site will be $188 for website production, followed by an extension fee, which will be $1,200 a year for one-on-a-year service, including a professional high-level customer service, and one-on-one backstage maintenance, because some of the key-word settings on the backstage are more precise, so you will be helped to maintain the other cost, which is a pre-deposit deposit that you've charged to the inside account, which is a deduction on one of our 100-degree consumption. Do you know that we have a 100-degree deduction model?	labels:Just say that you paid 1,200 for your services, and that's not a deduction, that's the one.
text:One of the costs of maintaining the backstage of the high-level service, which is the only $1,200 that you're paying us for.I don't think so.That website, even if you don't do 100 degrees in the future, and a deposit is always in your account, and if you don't, he won't lose a cent. That's one of our 100 degrees. That's how you plan this thing, right? Then we have a 100-degree demand, go to 100 degrees to search for the project, go straight to 100 degrees, see a lot of companies, let him see you in front of the first page of his presentation, but this process is free for you, let him see you at 100 degrees, let him see you when he clicks on your website, opens your website, see a series of products and contacts, and so on, we'll start a deduction from your deposit.I don't think so.Every time he clicks, he takes a few cents to a few dollars, and the same computer says the same IP address, and if it clicks again, we charge only once.	labels:I know what you mean, but how do I check if the clicks are valid or not?
text:There's a data analysis on the backstage, because we have 10 tools to help you understand that every person who hits your website, he's an IP from Wuhan, and what time point it is, and whether it goes in through, for example, 100 degrees, or through some portal, can see it, and how many people visit your website every day, that's not how many people see your website, and how many people click on your website can see it backstage.I don't think so.Our back-office attendants say that his job is to help you analyse the ratio of the data, and that by showing the amount of the data, compared to the amount of the services and the amount of the consultations, a comparison of one of the four data is 444. A study will summarize a report every month, and you will be asked to adjust the key characters set at the back desk based on this report.I don't think so.Did you know about your offer?	labels:I know, but I have a concern that Lee Myung-ho is promoting it in 58 with 58 with 58 with me.
text:I know I know this way.	labels:So now I'm on 58th in the same city, and I've been receiving more than a dozen calls in three days since this thing came out.
text:But none of them are going to work with you, are they?	labels:It's like you guys know, yeah.
text:That's one of the vices of catching up with them, because, like their resources, they're more up to date each year, right? There's a direct connection to the phone number, so many of them are being fought by our agents.I don't think so.But if we're on the 100-degree side, we're going to search for your key words directly through a demand, right? Like we usually do, if we're going to go to the 100-degrees and find some contacts like you, we're not going to get the top commercials, you know?I don't think so.We can't find contact because it's there, and you need a few more, and we usually go down there and look for the companies that are in the back. It's probably not very interesting, it's not very likely that one of the cases we've hit was that we're going to choose the companies that are in the back.	labels:If you don't click, you can't make sure that other companies don't give it to you, like 58 comb salesmen, like his 58 comb he's looking for, he's trying to get a client up there, he's clicking, how I'm going to screen it, and then call me on the phone.
text:You said 58, right?I don't think so.58 operators call you through your phone number, right?	labels:Yeah, I'm saying, for example, that I've promoted you a hundred degrees, right?
text:I know what you mean.	labels:We're backstage and he saw me promote 25, so I went up to his 58th.
text:I know I'm telling you how to fix it, like our 100-storey company, where we have a 21-storey office building, how loud you were the other day, where the Tang manager was so noisy, when you said that we had a 21-storey office building, like we had a 200-storey operator, and that all of our companies had the same IP addresses, so that we said 58 should have a pattern, so there's a set up on our backstage, which means that if you know which IP address is not valid for you, you can put it in the backstage setting, and the IP excludes the tool is called an IP exclusion tool, and when you write it, it's not going to access all the computers in Ip, it's not going to be able to access your website, and he can't effectively access your website, so there's an unnecessary waste of clicks, you know?I don't think so.And there's an IP address inside of our 100-degree company, like the computer I'm looking at right now, and I don't point a cent off any of our 100-degree companies' websites, but we can go in, we can go in, but we won't.	labels:That means you're definitely paying a lot of money to do it, and I'll give you an example, and there's too many companies to do it.
text:So the example is that this thing can be controlled by an IP. Because every network has its own IP, it can't be changed, like an ID card, so I mean 58 companies or their companies, they have a fixed IP, so if you choose their IP, you can design it into an IP exclusion tool, so that one of their invalid hits can be avoided.I don't think so.And the other thing is, if you say you don't want to be ordered so many times a day, you can set a daily spending ceiling, say, you just want to get $100 a day, $50 a day, you can put it on the line and you're not on the ad, you're just below the ad, and then you're probably under the 100-degree encyclopedia, right?I don't think so.It's the first or second page of 100 degrees, but you can be sure you won't lose a penny on how others visit your website at that time, because it's not your promotion time, okay?	labels:Like that.
text:Now, if we say so, 100 degrees is doing a concession, just like I just told you, it's a website plus a package, so that's one of them.I don't think so.And the other is that we're about to start a 100-degree price increase, with an extra $600 plus-v certification, which we've been talking about since early August, but if it were to be done suddenly, many customers would certainly not accept, so we're going to start with August 1, and a double-up policy is going to be implemented, so if you don't.	labels:I know, but I'm telling you right now that the price below 100 is the most expensive, but the effect is getting worse because you're thinking about it now.
text:I don't even know if it's planned, but it's good for my business on 100 degrees, or I won't call you. If it's bad for you, will I call you?I don't think so.Definitely not.	labels:That's the key word you're working on. You're going to have to fire up to a few dozen bucks.
text:How is that possible? I'll check for you.	labels:Planted design of the drawing book.
text:Book design, huh? Hold on a second.I don't think so.The average presentation price was one dollar and fifty four cents.	labels:One piece, one piece.
text:Fifty-four cents, front screen.	labels:What do you mean average? The price is right.
text:Then the average price on the first page is $7, right. I'll tell you why it's average, because some companies want to be in the first place, in the first place, and he'll pay a very high price for his brand image, so he can raise an average price, but if you start doing it earlier, you don't have to argue with them, right?I don't think so.You're in line to say that.	labels:I don't know yet, I'm not.
text:You listen to me. We're not gonna let you in the first place you can't see. We're definitely gonna put you in the top five.I don't think so.You have to know.	labels:The top five pay more than I pay, don't they?
text:We're going backstage to give you a detailed plan for the bid for the key word, so you can assure you that you're in the top five, because we don't have a policy, and we're sure we have a plan. We can't say that our client worked with us, we can't even say that we saw his information.I don't think so.Do you know how many people are searching a day, like you said about drawing books? The daily search is 1123 times, and the search is high in all industries, because, like the most popular construction industry today, there are only 2,000 people searching your studio a day, and the design is already over 1,000, like some industries, such as some kind of trade, a lawn mower or something like that, or a Japanese-language training or something like that.I don't think so.That means you're not as tall as you are, so you're really in the middle of a career. You must be doing publicity now, and you haven't even done it on your website, and there's no dinner package. So if you're here, and we're about to start raising the price, if you're going to think about it later, I'm going to make an appointment with your client manager tomorrow, so he can come see you tomorrow with some information from his peers.	labels:I'll have time in the day after tomorrow. How about Monday?
text:Would it take that long?	labels:Because of that too.
text:It won't take long. It'll take between half an hour and an hour.	labels:I know, but I have to figure this out.
text:I know we're going to make sure you understand, right? Because I've told you so much on the phone, why don't I show you the way you look, right?I don't think so.Thank you to our client manager, who is also experienced in your profession, and who for many years must have more knowledge and answers to you than I am. So you have to wait until Monday, so I can't make an appointment today, I can't wait until tomorrow, and I've wasted three or four days, and why don't you use 30 days ahead of you to do the extension in those four days and three or four days? Isn't that better?I don't think so.I'll just let the client manager through.	labels:11 a.m. I don't have time for this.
text:Tomorrow at 10 noon.	labels:No, I don't have all day tomorrow.
text:Tomorrow is Friday and tomorrow is late tomorrow afternoon, 4:00 and 5:00.	labels:You're going to drive there.
text:Where did you say you were?	labels:I'm not driving.
text:I'm talking about where your company is and where we're supposed to go when we talk.	labels:We're talking about the international side.
text:Moore International?	labels:Waterboard International.
text:That's not very clear, I'm not local.	labels:You see my name? Let me see what I've written.
text:You said Waterside International just didn't see it. If we had a customer manager assigned to each subdistrict, I'd let him meet you at 4:00 and 5:00 tomorrow, and I'd give you half an hour to get to know the details, and it would be useful for our company to do this earlier, wouldn't it?	labels:I know, but I'm telling you right now that I don't have time.
text:It's really a good season for Hong Kong, isn't it?	labels:There's just one thing I'm trying to change right now. He doesn't have hundreds of working days. You know that?
text:Four, five, four, five?	labels:For those who work late at night until Sunday at night.
text:Will you keep Saturday on Sunday?	labels:Saturday's gonna be a busy day. I said Sunday's fine.
text:I can only call you tomorrow and confirm with you that you have a client manager because our client manager won't be able to make a Sunday appointment today. I'll call you tomorrow morning. Can I see if I can see you on Sunday?I don't think so.Morning, huh? Sunday morning.I don't think so.You're going to do it on our side, right? I'm going to ask the client manager to prepare some information on the site. I'm going to give you a reference, right?	labels:For some of the successes you've made.
text:I have to, I have to show you.	labels:How's his website doing, the site he made for him, and I know how it works. If I can get backstage, I'll see how many hits he hits behind his site.
text:We can't get in the backstage without their passwords, can we?I don't think so.Unless our client manager has his own user password to give you a reference, right?	labels:How am I supposed to judge that?
text:We'll let you know something about the industry, and you'll be relieved that the customer manager will prepare it for you. Now I've already said color design. Let me just say a few companies. Have you heard of it?I don't think so.Do you know about Wuhan Jung-mi's painting book, Wu-han Jung-mi's ad design company?	labels:You keep talking.
text:Then we heard about Wuhan Exhibition Advertising Ltd., Wuhan Host Design Advertising Co. Ltd., which is in Beijing, or below, or some of the Wuhan Monarchy Advertising and Communications Ltd., which is in the top five positions, if we are searching now. My front page has 123,45,6788, and our front page displayer here is the most visible one.	labels:If I go push, I'm not in ninth place.
text:Don't worry, I signed a client last month, he's in the steel room, and it's not your business, but I'll give you an example. He's in it. I searched the steel room because it's also a lot of searches. If I search it, it's a whole side of the company, just like you do, and then a week after it's done, I searched the steel room, and I found that he's in the fifth place on our front page.	labels:That's how much he paid.
text:How can you say he had the same expense as you?	labels:I'd like to ask you if it's the same two people who pay more, one who pays less, and you make the money less in front.
text:Don't worry, we're showing up. I've told you that you have the policy, we have the policy, we have the policy, we're going to let you get the maximum insurance payback, and we're going to do it with one of our own. Don't worry about it.	labels:I'm still driving for you.
text:I'll call you tomorrow afternoon, make sure we meet Sunday, and let the client manager talk to you.I don't think so.Have you ever heard of any of the companies I have just mentioned? You know that she should be ranked first in our line, with a decent design, and then with wings, and then in front of the rows. You probably know that by then I'll have the client prepare some information for you on this piece. I'll tell you something about 1,200, plus 100,188, with a deposit, and then we'll have a minimum deposit of 5,000, and then you'll charge more, and you'll get more discounts, and then you'll see that price as acceptable.	labels:You just work good, you just let me click, I say so I say twenty-three thousand dollars.
text:I know I think you're a pain in the ass, and we can definitely guarantee you that.	labels:I'm looking at you for this at $10,000 click down, set-up media one.
text:How can I trust you, because I'm talking to you at the same time, and if you're done with me, I'm sure I'll send you an e-mail to my manager and a high-level service to keep you on the backstage, so be sure you'll be in the front every day?I don't think so.Why don't you give me the least money? I'll see you on Sunday. I'll send you a contact. My name was Chandi. Why don't you just ask me about it? Okay, I'll send you a cell phone number.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mr. Wang, I'm Lt. Zhang of the 100th Company. I called you this morning. Do you have any idea what you're doing with the 100th?	labels:Not really.
text:It's because you make this car modification, search for the Wuhan car at 100 degrees, or if you want to do this business in Hubei Province, it's a key word that can be found directly on 100 degrees, and you usually search 100 degrees for news, keywords, and so on.	labels:How many ways do you do this ad, how many ways do you do it?
text:That's the way advertising works, right? The first thing it does is search for keywords, and then there's a 100-degree league, like when you look at some news, or some portals, like football or some military site, you might see some of the keywords you've recently searched on that page of your website, if you haven't noticed?	labels:I think so, but if they hadn't searched him,
text:Because, you know, because he didn't search, he's definitely not gonna charge you, because if I looked over 100 degrees for the Wuhan car, I'd be changing, wouldn't I? If I said I didn't have a car, I wouldn't need to change, I wouldn't be searching 100 degrees for the online car?I don't think so.Because he had a car, provided he needed to change it, and then he saw this ad on your side, because there was a lot of it.	labels:I would like to ask how many websites he can see on the network, and how many sites he can see your network outreach, if he searches 100 degrees.
text:Well, we're working with 100% of the country's more than 600,000 websites, and there's more than 600,000 websites, big and small.I don't think so.Then, when I look at the right side of your page, there's a lot of online outreach on our 58, including if you open the post you sent before you found it, you can see it on the right side of the post, and there's a lot of this thicker on the right side of the post, and there's some kind of pink ad with a background color, and it's all ours, and there's a bear logo on the lower right corner, and two more words are our 100-degree alliance.I don't think so.Including you usually say that.	labels:If I open my post, I can still see it on the right, right?
text:For the post you post on 58, the post you post on this page, you can see our 100-degree ads in the page, and when you look at the video, you usually stop the ads, do you notice?	labels:Looks like it.
text:It's usually something you're looking for, like a motorcycle, you might find out you don't care what website you're in, and you find that the whole site is full of ads about motorcycles.	labels:But there seems to be no contact, just that there's this picture.
text:And then just say that there's some pictures and then there's a big picture, a big frame, which doesn't say that you're targeting one of your stores, for example, that he's usually going to have a car shop, that the Wuhan car is going to have a better one, and then they're going back to our 100-degree search page through keywords, and then your website is also searching the page.I don't think so.It's true, it's not specific to a company, because if you're preparing a company, you might be paying for it because you're paying for it by clicking, and you're probably paying for it if you're not careful. It's not fair for him to go in. He's probably asking for it because he's going to have to change over the last two days, but he's just saying, but he hasn't made up his mind, but after these two days he's been searching the Internet, two days he's watching the video, or talking, and he suddenly sees that there's an ad under his page that's been changed, and he's thinking I've searched the other two days, and I can get to know it again, and he's going in.I don't think so.Then there'll be a lot of modifications to the site, and he'll look at everyone's habits differently.	labels:You say one goes in through the top of the net, one through the point found in the 100-degree search keyword, which is the equivalent of two forms.
text:Coverage is already relatively extensive.	labels:And you say where it's going to be in the video, where it's going to be in the showroom on the video site.
text:In this way, the Alliance is a platform for communication that we give to some of our website owners, and these companies provide to them, which is the same as all of our websites, because you advertise with our clients over here, and there are other sites, such as a lot of big and small sites, and they want to make money through them, so that they can put our 100-degree advertising code in their website.I don't think so.And then he made a contract, he applied to us 100 degrees, and then he made a partnership, and his website would have a number of related advertisements that we promoted 100 times, basically based on the search records before his computer.	labels:And there's one other thing I've had in the past that's the way it is, right?I don't think so.For example, if you have a lot of businesses that do car modifications, which one is better, but also if you have more than 100 pushers in the network, how do you push this? You show which kind of ad is the online form.
text:So before that, it was about a price.I don't think so.I'll take a look at it, because it does have a lot of Wuhan and a dozen or more cars to make this piece, like I've been in contact with a guy called Xianxing, and I don't know if you've ever known it.	labels:Make sure I know I'm familiar with it.
text:He owns several accounts in three companies. They're supposed to be Fan managers. They open several accounts. And what does he say here? After he's done here, you're worried about how many of your colleagues can show you in front, aren't you?	labels:I'm not such as saying that I might have spent the money, I'm online, but there's a lot of people in front of me, and after all, there's a video exhibition room, there's only a limited grid, you show what you can do, how can you guarantee that my ads will be seen, that I might have spent the money, that I might have spent the money, that I wouldn't be able to see my stuff in the Internet cafe.I don't think so.That means.
text:So, what's the more general key word in the network that it promotes through the network, like what you're talking about, which car is better, and when you click in, you go back to the 100-degree search page, and open this page and what's it have in it?I don't think so.For example, I'm in the car, you're in the car, I'm in the car, I'm in the car, you're in the front, you're in the third, I'm in the fourth.	labels:There's another way I know which one's paying for it, and I can see it.
text:When you cooperate, we will open you an account and a backstage in 100 degrees, and you will enter this price in the backstage, and it will show you which price will be ranked, but it is not possible specifically to follow you and our business with us to see how much each user has paid and which key word.I don't think so.When you open an account here, you can, for example, pay $1.50, and the system will tell you that this $1.50 is the first line on the computer, and that it is the first line on the phone.	labels:But can I know how much money comes first? Can I know the price?
text:No, I really don't know, but you can set the price. You can see, for example, that you're giving $2.50, that it's gonna alert you to number one, that you're two and four and he's still number one, that you can try a little bit, and you know how much it's gonna be.	labels:That's not how much money we're going to put in, I'm going to see how much he's going to put in. I'm going to line up a little more than he is. Yeah.
text:So I'm saying because you're protecting the privacy of each client, for example, by giving him two dollars, don't you know?I don't think so.You put out a 1:8 system to tell you you're in second place, you don't have to pay for it, it's got an estimation tool, you enter a 1:8, it's gonna show you in second place, you enter a 1:9, he tells you in second place, you make another 2:1, he tells you in first place.	labels:He can fix it when I bid. I can fix it before I pay. Can I be number one?
text:That's what I'm talking about, isn't it?I don't think so.The system has alerted you, right.	labels:In addition to the network, I'm going to take this thing and I'm going to do it in the form of a web site or a stand-alone one.
text:It's an independent website of your company, which you don't want to promote at a later stage. You're in a very good business, you don't need to do it online. This site or yours?I don't think so.You sure need an official website.	labels:It's not that I'm doing something bigger. I mean, since it's definitely going to be a little wider, you can't say that photons can't be sold in electronic wholesale gold. I can't say that I'm only a Wu-man, can you?
text:You can, first of all, say what you've done, including a lot of car modifications, right? What's the name of your company?	labels:Young Lok.
text:Four words for group English.I don't think so.Group.	labels:What's with the heat?
text:I really don't know how to play it, do I?	labels:Chen Yun, enjoy.
text:Chen Yun. I don't know much about these four.	labels:All-encompassing. The cloud of the sky. The cloud of the sky. The landscape of the sky. The peak of the sky.
text:Along the way.	labels:It's only three points of water, one by one, and one by a pit.
text:That's salt. And what's the last two words?	labels:Happy change of music.
text:You see, like that, do you think that your company's name is someone else who, if he's suggested to your friend after your adaptation that he's got a friend who suggested that the front section of Lecca be better, he'd do better, he'd go up and search you, he'd search your company's key words, he'd search you for the first two key words, he'd look at you, he'd say he saw your official website, he'd read the film, he'd look at it, he'd do better, he'd really come over, if he said that your friend suggested that the house was better, but you couldn't find any relevant information on the Internet, including if you'd like to be able to find your relevant information in Lake North outside Wuhan later, what would someone say to you, and what would happen to this company?	labels:So it's an alliance, or you'll have a website when you're 100% popular and you're in it, right?
text:Imports and exports depend mainly on websites.	labels:How big is your website?
text:Are you in the shop this afternoon?I don't think so.At the store, I took with me some of the relevant plans for our website this afternoon, including what you said you did, car modifications to your colleagues, including some of their relevant data, and I'll show you.	labels:Maybe I'll know what you're looking at in private with me, okay. Then I'll see what the cost is, if it's not, if it's working, if it's working, if it's not.
text:Isn't that right?	labels:Because if I've heard of colleagues, they've done some bad things, some of them, some of them too, it's not working, and then I'm burning the money, and I'm also trying to figure out how your ads are coming out, and I'm not sure.
text:Well, you do car modifications like you do, people say cars make money, people say cars don't make money, I know that.	labels:So I said it would be better to look at how your ad was made, how it was done, what it was, and I'm going to say it according to my own situation.
text:You think it's gonna work?I don't think so.Which one of you is in Windfire City, and which one is in Area 43. Area B or D.	labels:B block b, ABC, huh?
text:Abc B 43. Okay, I'm here today. You're usually in the shop this afternoon, usually this afternoon.	labels:I'm basically in the shop now. I'm looking at it now.
text:It's not too busy now, is it? What time is it?	labels:It's basically nothing for the time being, really less so.
text:Okay, I'll take a look at it this afternoon. It's 12 o'clock, I'll probably be around 3:00 this afternoon. It's fine.	labels:If you come by then, I'll check it out first, okay?
text:All right. All right, Mr. Wong, I'll see you this afternoon. All right, bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:It's Mr. Wu Wei Bong, isn't it?
text:You are.	labels:Mr. Chung. My name is Sue, and my name is Surinja, and I'm working on the website with Pedo-Hubei, and I'm working with Pedo-Hubei, so I'd like to know that our company has been in touch with you all along, right?
text:I said.	labels:Our company has always had a colleague with you. Right, because I don't seem to see you working with us, but my colleague has been in touch with you for a long time.
text:No, because I'm thinking about it, 'cause we're a industry that's a little popular, you know?I don't think so.That's just two Shanghais and Nanjings, and they're all very bad companies. You.	labels:Tell me what your main product is. Let me check it out for you. I don't know where you got the data.
text:Cars, air conditioners, compressors.	labels:Hold on a second.
text:It's not the same as commercial air conditioners, but it's not the same as air conditioners for domestic and refrigeration. It's the car air conditioner compressor.	labels:I told you that the daily search of the AC compressors was 92 times a day, and then it was equivalent to saying that there were almost so many people looking every day, and that I personally felt that your key word was very professional, that amateurs in general or that he did not need him to search, so the general searcher must have a relative need, and I'll show you whether there were a lot of customers, but there might still be a couple of them, but there might be a couple of key words that you could do, and if you did, you could do this exact match, or it could be so extensive, mainly that you could find your potential client, and, as you said, I don't know where I found the data that you understand, but if we do, any of the key words that you might pass, and the customers that you might find, he might do 100 degrees, but he didn't show or anything at the time, and he could do it, but if you could just endorse our platform, I'm sure this could be considered.
text:I'd like to think that because of this industry, no one seems to be alienating.	labels:How?I don't think so.Maybe it's not like there's more to it than there's more to it, so you can imagine if there's a need for it, and if there's a search, it's your potential client. I'd like to ask you if your value is higher, and then the output is more optimistic than sure. Then because you know yourself, including me, I don't know anything about air conditioning.I don't think so.I know all about these smart air conditioners, but what you're doing is a car air conditioner compressor, so if you work with us then you can change the publicity to an exact match, so someone else can go through these words and find you instead of looking for air conditioners.I don't think so.The maintenance of air conditioners can find you. This is unnecessary, not your money, your client, which brings you a more accurate client. This is also a way of promoting information that I think is more appropriate than you do for our client, so let me say to you that your former colleague may have contacted you, and you should know more about the price of our model, and I personally feel that your profession is more appropriate.I don't think so.The first is that its current competition is not particularly large, and it does not say such other words as, for example, that the key words such as air conditioning maintenance may be more competitive than you, that your keywords are less competitive, so if you are now committed to working with us, your advertising costs are still relatively high in value.
text:Let's see, shall we?	labels:In fact, our colleague has been in touch with you, and Mr. Chow has been thinking about it, not as much as you can think about it yourself.I don't think so.That's why we're so intuitive to deal with you, after all, this 100-degree thing it's not a nascent one.
text:You said I wouldn't be in a hurry in winter if I wanted to, because what? Our market won't start until the end of March, and if I did, I might be able to do it before and after spring.	labels:This thing doesn't mean you're too late. Just tell me what I found in our system. There's almost 100 searches per day every week. Maybe it's not a lot higher than the other words, but what does that mean?I don't think so.There's still a lot of need. If you're a boss, it doesn't happen sooner or later. You always make a little money, right? And whether you're like you, I'm sure you've been in this business for a long time.
text:Can you check the cold pump, the cold pump, if there's anyone looking for these two words?	labels:It's freezing, isn't it?
text:The cooling is the cooling of the air, and the pump is the pump of the pump.	labels:I've never heard of this before, so I can imagine that if you do it then, it'll be your exact client.
text:Hold on a second.	labels:Cold bnc, huh? Don't forget it.
text:Put one stone above it, one water below it.	labels:I know I'm trying to spell it after him. Why can't I forget it?
text:It's supposed to be be ben no.	labels:That's not a poison stick. It's freezing. The word "frozen" means you're only doing this product, or you're doing repairs.
text:Maintenance recovery?I don't think so.There is no recovery of the freeze.	labels:That's not a very popular thing to say.
text:That's the word no one's looking for.	labels:Not that no one was searching, but you know that the money is going to be in your 100-degree account, and it's not going to get any smaller.I don't think so.So I mean, I think you might not find anything, especially for a professional client like yourself, but for someone like us who knows you better, we think the value of a word like that is very high, because he brings you a client in need, and he doesn't say something like a normal word, he may sometimes search, but it doesn't mean he needs it, and he may just have some other needs, don't you think?I don't think so.And it's not so much a competition right now, it's probably just a minimum price, and then, like your industry, there's on average five or six times a year of our annual renewal, which means it's still quite high, because it's certainly a long-term cooperation that we want with our clients, right?I don't think so.And the sooner you do it, the sooner you do it, the higher the quality of the 100-degree extension account will be.
text:Let me think about it. I can't remember this time.	labels:You said yes, because I've been in contact with a lot of clients every day, and frankly, it's a lot to tell me on the phone, but after a while, they'll probably find our company or something, and then he'll find out that he's got a lot of friends with him and a lot of colleagues, and then he'll think about it, and then he'll find out that when he's doing it, he's competing with his peers, and I'll tell you directly what you're doing right now, because you don't have a lot of customers to compete with, and it's a 100-degree competition, right?I don't think so.By the time you do it later, by the time you're doing it, by the time you're doing it, by the time you're doing it, you're spending the same money, and, as you said, you might have better publicity at the end of the month, by the end of the year.I don't think so.He's got the money in his account. He opens it up in the summer. He does it more than all of a sudden, and suddenly he wants us on the line with his clients. He must be a lot more convenient in every way, don't you think?I don't think so.And now that we are on National Day, and now that we are active this month, so many of our clients have been very cooperative this month.
text:Let me ask you a question. You said you were like some client who, uh, he did it and asked for advice, and then it would be counterproductive. Did you say that this thing was down, that it was off the website.	labels:No, that's not true, because you don't know what part of your company you search every day, and it's probably me today, and I'm probably interested in seeing your company today, but I may not contact or cooperate, and I might just leave your contact, leave your name, and search your name when I need it, right?I don't think so.And then I believe you're on the line, and if you're the boss, you've got a judgment of your own, and we've got a professional customer service on our side, and he's not a professional customer service division.
text:You say, "If I've been doing it for a while, and I want to do it for a while now, can someone else search my company?"	labels:Others can search through the name of your company and then some other information, but not necessarily through keywords, but you can rest assured, why?I don't think so.Because after you cooperate with us 100 times, your website becomes more active, and when you show more, your website becomes more powerful, which means that whatever publicity you do, it must be much longer than any other client.I don't think so.You don't have to worry about it, and then you're going to tell you now.
text:If the name of the company with me is Woo Wah Wai-yeon, but I didn't start with Woo Wai-yeon, would you charge me a fee if the kimono was broken through the rainflower?	labels:There's no charge, Mr. Chung. Our 100-degree fee is a 100-degree search engine, a 100-degree search engine, a 100-degree search engine, a search of your company through the key words you have submitted, access to your website, and a perfect slow display of information on your website is a valid visit. We can't afford to charge our customers for nothing. Besides, your boss can't afford to pay us 100 cents for nothing.
text:For example, because I did some ads myself, my name and my website told clients to come in and see it without charge, right?I don't think so.Right.	labels:I'm sure you can print one on your business card, and the domain name of the site will certainly not be charged for calling through the site's direct domain name. Then, by the key, the name of your company, including your cell phone number, will not be sealed, so long as you don't use this social key, the owner will not put the social key in the company's name, right?I don't think so.And this part is free, and we're here to show you a very intuitive display of your online presence. Do you have a client? And secondly, you find your client's potential client through keywords, you catch channels, and now we're talking about online outreach, including cell phones, which are some of our 100% very good products, including many other early search engines, which are not yet available. Are you sure you're going to go to the front end of this thing?
text:I am.	labels:At the Long Pier, if you don't, we'll meet today and talk about it. If we talk about it, we'll fix it. What do you think?
text:I don't need to think about it. I think you have a colleague here to talk about it once.	labels:I know, you see Director Chow, I think that's the problem. You see our former colleagues talk to you? Maybe you think you know everything, you feel I know everything, I think about it, but do you feel something else through my conversation with you today? What does that mean?I don't think so.If you don't do this at this time, you won't cooperate with us. You may have a lot of things that you don't know about, so if you're working with us in a real way, our service will be very professional, and you can be assured of that.
text:Let me think.	labels:And sores really look at you.
text:You all have one thing in common with me. You know what's so urgent?	labels:Are you in a hurry, Mr. Chow?I don't think so.I don't think we're in a hurry or anything. I'm telling you, Mr. Chung, how do you feel about this platform?I don't think so.Second, you don't think I'm clear with you, it's clear, so you can imagine.
text:But you know what's best for you, right? Yeah.	labels:So I'm telling you, I'm talking to a lot of clients every day, and a lot of customers start out saying it's inappropriate and they don't want to do it, but it's not like that, but the next thing you do, we're thinking about working with us because we're a very mature platform, and we're hoping to make a difference to you. Right?I don't think so.I'm telling you, now that we're on our way to the Fourth of July, we've started some activities this month, you don't cooperate with us, you have a lot of clients working with us every day, right? You can't deny it. You don't do it like you think I'm in a hurry or I'm in a hurry. I'm in a hurry to explain this to you, not me. Why? If you don't cooperate with us, do we have any other clients?
text:This big you don't do, yeah.	labels:So the main reason for the clock is because our colleague Wang Shek Qing, he's here to give me feedback, which means he's very sincere, so I've been in touch with you all along, and I think we're gonna solve this thing if there's something wrong with it, don't you think?I don't think so.Whether you cooperate or not, I hope we can get back to you later, right?I don't think so.So if it rains today, if we meet again, I won't get the money on you, right?
text:It's been a lot since the two days were off.	labels:I've always told you that the clock is going to be off in two days, and you have a lot of things to do, so you're going to have to talk to, because many of your clients are like you, so you're busy after the Fourth of July, and you'll have time to see us, and you may not have time to draw it out, really.
text:Well, Mr. Chu, I think I'd like to put it after the Fourth of July.	labels:Do you still want to put it after the Fourth of July? Can you fix this after the Fourth of July or what?
text:Five years later, I'd like to think about doing more or not.	labels:If you want to do it or not, why wait until after National Day?I don't think so.Any time you think about it, that means you're on your own, and you must say we're having an interview, right? Look at this simple conversation I've had with you today, and I find that you still have a lot of problems.I don't think so.He's got a problem with this. He doesn't say he's sleeping or anything, he knows it, right?
text:This is a matter of time to think it through, and then it is really not a matter of time before we talk about it, but basically all of it.	labels:I'll tell you what.
text:Because I'm going to do a little paper ad every year, and I'm going to weigh it, because we're just an ad, and they're going to be in the same business, and there's some very precise pitches in the garage, and I'm thinking that you're going to focus on your side, because I don't know what I'm going to say in a paper ad every year. If I'm going to do 100 degrees, I'm going to take all the costs of my paper ads for the year.	labels:I've just said to you, Mr. Chung, that you've just said a question, and I think I can solve every problem you have, and I feel sorry for myself. You've just said that you want to put it on some other industry platform, and I've told you at this point that we have more than 600,000 co-operative advertising platforms, regardless of which advertising platform you want to put us on, and you've said 58 thanks to Ali Baba, and you may not need a lot of effort to do it.I don't think so.You've been thinking about this for a long time, you know? Otherwise we're doing so well.
text:How do I understand what you just said?	labels:So I'm going to give you an example, and you're going to go for a tour now, 58 or 58, and you're going to say, for example, that I'm a potential client of yours, and I might need a cold stick. And then I'm going to search for a cold stick, and then I'm probably going to look at your information. Maybe I'm going to go to the industry website now, and I'm going to the industry website, and then I'm going to see it online, and I'm going to find out that you're going to have information about your network in the form of a picture, and there are two possibilities at this time, the first of which is that I don't click on this image and have a cell phone number, and I'm going to call you directly and show that we're totally free, and I don't need to charge you a penny.I don't think so.What's the second scenario? So I clicked on your website, and the information on your site was perfectly cushioned in front of me. At this point you can understand that I was going to watch the news, but what does that mean when I left my time to watch the news to see your website? Does that mean that I'm very interested in your website? Does that make you understand? So he's very willing to be like my kind of potential client, so you don't have to worry about it. I think you have a lot of questions, and it's better that I call you today, or you're really missing a lot of opportunities.I don't think so.Really, your address is 785 Long Beach 43-10? Yeah, and then in the afternoon, because I have a client who's in the neighborhood, and then I'll talk to you about it.
text:What do you think? If you come by, don't come here if you want to come here.I don't think so.Don't take your time, I'm sorry to tell you.	labels:I don't think it's fate to see a client in my eyes.
text:You came all the way from that company, didn't you?	labels:It's okay, because I'm gonna be over there this afternoon.
text:The business didn't work out, as if they were upset, and I'm embarrassed.	labels:Mr. Chu, I want to talk to you about this more than I want to see you because I think you're thinking about it for us, right?
text:No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no.	labels:What time is it in the afternoon?
text:This afternoon I've been there.I don't think so.I've been here for a long time.	labels:- All the time? - Okay. If we meet directly in the afternoon, we'll talk about it, okay?I don't think so.Anyway, because I'm here because it's raining a lot of customers in the company, and then it's nice, and I'm particularly happy that you're meeting me today because there's no sun today, you know? It's not tanning.
text:I thought if you guys had a client here anyway, you could come over and talk. I'd like to know more.I don't think so.Yes.	labels:I think this is me too.
text:Don't hold my hand and say I'll pay for it right away, and don't report on the subject.	labels:I'm telling you, if I'm a very good business salesman, I'm a loser if every time I advise a client to pay money, right? I think this is a good-faith one. If you're willing to meet me, I'm sure I'll work it out with you. Okay, I'll do it without you. Good afternoon, bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hello.
text:Can you hear me? Sorry to bother you, but you're talking about the, uh, service-efficient stove in Gretland. Is this a load-loading industrial device for the forklift project? You're Mr. Han? My name is Song, my name is Song Danjing, and I know you're talking about the forklift, and you're acting as an agent? That's the case, because we're talking about the building of the Web site and the 100-degree search for this service project here in Wuhamber, because I also signed before. One of the clients in your two industries is a Dharma and Meeks fork.	labels:You're the one who called me.
text:I saw you on the Internet with me, company information. You're not on you, are you?	labels:For me.
text:I saw your information on the Internet, so I called you here to see what was going on.	labels:You're 100 degrees, right? What does that have to do with 100 cents of invoice information?
text:It's because I'm also looking for some more information on the website last night, and when I look for some information, I'll see you on your side.I don't think so.Because I've seen two clients in your business on that particular lake, and I don't know where you're on your side, so I'm gonna call you on your side, and I want to see this forklift, and I don't want to do it online on 100 degrees.	labels:What kind of effect would it be if we did it?
text:In one case, because we're in the form of keywords, have you ever heard of it before? I said we'd search hundreds of degrees through keywords, like a Wuhan forklift, and we'd find out about your company the first time, get a business connection with you. Have you heard about it before?I don't think so.There are some things you know. This is how we get your potential clients, whether you search your business keywords or your proxy's brand keywords, to find your company's information as soon as you can get a business connection, so that they can find your company's needs as soon as they can find you on the 100th page, and so on.I don't think so.And then there's another form, and I don't know if your usual words are like a web stream that doesn't look at the web page, or if you don't look at the video, and there's a lot of pop-up-box ads, in the form of a picture ad or a text link, and so on.I don't think so.Yes, and then we call it a picture of a cell phone, and then we call it an example of a network promotion, and it's a simple analogy, for example, that you're looking at something on a bobby cat today, and when you're going to browse tomorrow, for example, on the big network or on the news, you can show it in the form of a graphic ad and remind you of the need to look at it yesterday, which means there's a browsing record that affects you, uh, by reminding you that you have a search, and then see if you need it on your side.I don't think so.And then what we're saying here is basically this pattern, one of the search for keywords and the other of graphic advertising.	labels:So you're saying it's a little advertising window on the web, right? That's what it's gonna cost.
text:In this case, all of our 100-degree search and promotions are based on a point-by-point payment for a valid click. Have you ever heard of it?	labels:I've heard of it.
text:So we're going to charge you for this visit, and if I'm looking at the video and your ad pops up, right? I'm sure there's going to be a phone call from your company and the product you sell. Well, I'm going to get a business connection with you. We're going to charge you nothing. You only have a potential client who wants to know more about your product, like if your forklift is made in a few tons of yes, automatic or electric or whatever, and he's going to get a closer look at your website, so we're going to charge you a fee for this visit, which is a case in point.	labels:You're a professional. He's not electric, he's not electric, you know?
text:It's because I signed up with you two clients before, one of them was a brand made by Dharma and Meeks, and then I signed another one made by Lilbo. I don't know much about this product. I'm an agent of Lilbo's forklift, and I'm not very clear to me because he always talks to me, because I have a lot of information about the pictures of the forklifts, and then I do that kind of intimacy, and I don't know the customer well, and I've told me something like that, but I'm not very professional.	labels:Better than the average man in the profession.
text:Because there's something I talked to two clients over at the lake. You know that?I don't think so.You know what?I don't think so.I have a client like I have a client called Xianhongda, and I don't know if you've ever heard of it, and they make Paulie's brand. He's on East and West Lake Boulevard, and now I'm signing it on my own, my old client, so he's on 100%, so there's regular attention.	labels:What do you think one would cost?
text:This is our 100-degree statement, which takes the form of annual service charges plus pre-deposit deposits.I don't think so.If our annual service fee is $1,200 and $1,200 a year, we will provide you with a special service. If you have a pre-deposit fee, the pre-deposit fee is the same as your cell phone bill. If you have it in this account, you will deduct it as much as you want.	labels:And if I don't have a website, you're gonna have to pay for it.
text:This is how we build the site. If there are any special requirements on your side for the site, is there anything like an online search or payment or a shopping mall?	labels:It's not special, it's not special, it's just that you can see what's on the Internet.
text:For your part, there is only one simple business-type marketing network, because our company's words are active, and if you work on this website with Pediatrics, it's only $188, he's got $1,188, including your company's product contacts, and all the clients' cases are on the website, which is part of a marketing network of business officials, and it's not as complicated as the other business city's website, it's a simple business-type marketing site.I don't think so.Sure.	labels:You said that.
text:There's also a separate domain name space and all the related files included in this site, as well as in our design artwork section.	labels:He's just a page in a website, no.
text:We're a network of business officials, and you can search the 100-degree site on your side, and there's a technical support under it, and it's a Pepsi Internet network, and that's what our company does.	labels:If you do it, if it's about how much a year and how much it costs, then if it's possible to control it, because I'm just saying there's something we can do about it.
text:This is okay, I'm telling you that my Jun-hoon client was the one who worked with me in May, and then he saved $10,000 in September, and then last month he renewed $5,000 with us at the beginning of last month, and because you're in this business, I'm telling you, the key to the truth is a little high, a little high. If you say a three-dollar click, you'll be on the front page, not necessarily the front line, that's the case.	labels:How does that cost work out?
text:We pay with a valid click, for example, because of your key word, like your Wuhan forklift? Just a simple four-key word for a Wuhan forklift, and your promotion, you could only show it on the front page, on the right, on the right.	labels:If you're in.
text:If you want to line up ahead and lean left to the front, you'll probably have to pay a little higher, maybe $78 or so.	labels:Is $78 reduced once, or is it an interview?
text:Visit your website once.	labels:He's searching for no cost.
text:There's no charge for the search, you show it, you show it on the front page, I see your phone, I'm in touch with you, and this is no charge. Only when he visits your website, we charge a fee for this visit.	labels:That means he searched, and then we jumped out and made him order.I don't think so.Right.
text:He must have visited your website and received some information from your website, which is a valid visit.	labels:It's still a little high. It's a little high.
text:But if you think like this, why do you put this ad on 100 degrees, you put it in front, and if you say you're in the right spot, you spent three dollars, but it's not that obvious. Why don't you just put it on the left?I don't think so.My client, he was a simple one, and he told me that if he received a call for advice, he would do it on his own, and he thought it worked, and he just got the information.	labels:If I say so, I'll put fourth and fourth and fifth places on the left.
text:Maybe, because I've learned about this industry, maybe 77 bucks.	labels:I'm going to be number one and number four and number five.
text:The difference is certainly the difference.I don't think so.If you're in the first place, your price must be higher, right?I don't think so.If you're in first place, you might have to go to $10.12.	labels:And at the end of the first page of his front page.
text:In the case of the last person on the front page, we show it on the front page, because there may sometimes be clients he might be off the line, he could be off the line at five or six p.m., you could be out at two dollars, you could be on the front page, so if in the morning all your clients were on the line, you might need three.	labels:You still need to build it, don't you?
text:Yeah, because you set your promotion schedule, for example, you can set it every day from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.? By 5 p.m., you can adjust it any time you want.I don't think so.Depending on your own money, the industry's client base, which can be adjusted at any time. For example, you can be Hubei Province or Wuhan City, of course, Jiangxi, Hunan and Anhui, depending on the scope of your own company's operations.	labels:It means that the search products are not the same for every period of time, for example, when I'm set to get paid for working hours, and we don't get paid for working hours.
text:Outside of working hours, it can be displayed by you in the form of a 100-degree snapshot, not to say that you may not be able to line up. On the front page, you may be able to show it on page 2, page 3, page 4.	labels:It means that the fee you charge for ranking is for me to show it on the first or second page, and for me to control this time frame.
text:It's up to you to control the time frame. You'd be more interested in promoting this project, wouldn't you mind if we took a moment to talk to you about it?I don't think so.Because you have a lot of questions about, for example, one of your colleagues' messages, a lot of professional stuff, and I'm very good on the phone, and I'm not very good at telling you this thing, I can only talk to you about it.	labels:Ask me a question. If I don't do it, will you write it off or do you want it back?
text:In this case, if your website is working at the same time as your promotion, you might think that later on, you might want to pause and do it next year.I don't think so.Your website will continue to operate.	labels:No costs continue to be incurred.
text:Your website, because it belongs to us, is that $188? That's $188. For example, you're working with us this year, until next year's time, and you're just spending the cost of the domain name space to make it work, and there's no other cost.	labels:It's 1800 a year, isn't it?
text:Not since the beginning of the year, it was 1888, but each year thereafter, it would be enough to pay for the maintenance of a 600-dollar domain name space.	labels:The server on this site is at 100 degrees, isn't it?
text:Yes, it's all here at 100 degrees. Rest assured, we can't do it for two or three years because we don't look like other small companies, because we have a 100-degree building on Long Island, and you'll have a dedicated guest attendant to meet you and maintain it for a long time.	labels:I know you said it. I know it.
text:You know that, don't you?I don't think so.So do you have any idea what you're talking about lately, and you'd like to know about this specific project.	labels:You call me again next week. I've got a couple of people I'd like to talk about.
text:I'd like to talk to my colleagues. If you'd like to work with them, you can have a specific interview with him if they're in the company, and then you can get this straight, and you can talk about it.	labels:Yeah, so if I sent them a message, and this doesn't move, if you say that if you listen to them like that, then you and I are gonna have to talk about it in time.
text:All right, that's how it works.I don't think so.If there's any QQ on your side, or if there's any M.O. on your side, I'll add, if there's any problem, you can consult me at any time on Q.Q.	labels:Qq? That's how you get the information from that company. You get the signal, you say 308630867268.
text:726880202386726802, right?	labels:7268.
text:726802, right?	labels:To the company's Qq number.
text:QQQ are you using it?	labels:I'm using it.
text:I'll send you a text message later, and I'll add your QQ. If you have any questions, you can consult me at any time on Q. OK?	labels:All right, all right.
text:I'll call you next week, okay?	labels:All right, all right.
text:You're gonna be busy. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, are you Director Liu? You're Hae-chang's mouth? Yes. Director Liu, let me look at the information that you published on page 58 and say it's mainly about oral beauty. Care? Is this your hospital? Where is this? I'm here at the 100-degree company, and I'm saying, like you're saying that there's a lot of promotion on our 100-degree side, so I'd like to ask if you need a 100-degree extension on this side.	labels:You're going to link up with our website, right?
text:So there's a website on your side, isn't there?I don't think so.That's how your website works, so we can put your website, like you're a mouthmaker, and then people don't know the name of your hospital if they don't know the name of your mouth, they don't know how to contact it, people may need it, like people who can search Wuhan at 100 degrees where they have a mouth, where they can do it better, just like oral care, so can they show us a 100-degree front page on your website in the first place?I don't think so.Because you know that.	labels:Did Ethel ask you to do all the talking? Yes, he did some of his bidding well. He's doing it. It's helping him, isn't it?
text:Don't you have any plans at the moment?	labels:Not no.
text:This piece of yours means it's like they're doing it here. Why are you saying there's no such plan?	labels:What's the charge?
text:That's what he is, like you, which means, if there's a website, we're going to have to do a hundred cents later, and he's going to say, like, it's a 12-200-year service fee a year, and we're going to be able to match a customer's service. For example, if you can recently search for what's the key to your mouth, then it's going to be like, because everyone comes in with an extension account that you can charge for, and then we're going to save $5,000 at a minimum, and if someone visits your website, we're going to charge for knowing your information, and if no one visits your website, then we're going to be free of charge.	labels:How much is it once?
text:One time it's five.	labels:A few cents at a time, but what do you call it?
text:It's a competition, isn't it? A piece like yours is interested right now, isn't it?	labels:No, I'm...
text:If a friend does this, he'll do it on your side if he's restless. Not yet.	labels:Because no, because he's a part of the network, it's mostly from the network, like we're mainly targeting the neighborhood around the service community.
text:It's not really from the Internet, because it's like that, because it's on the Internet, because you know it's a trend now.I don't think so.Because it has a very large share of the market, so if it's like this, wherever you do your mouth or whatever, or if you're a outpatient or a hospital, people want to dig up more customers from the Internet, say it's a market.	labels:But here's the thing, if we invest for a while, if the ranking is in the front, if you don't do it, if you know it 100 degrees, or if you use it, there's nothing behind it.
text:Tell me you're not gonna do it, are you? You must be talking about your own ad in that account, but you can choose the time of your own ad, say it's not just for one day, say it's not every time, you know it's all about searching your business, right?I don't think so.Because he wants you to put on an ad, it depends on time, like when you look at 2 p.m. to 3 p.m., when you're more popular, and you choose this time to advertise, and then you can set up one of these things every day, which is a consumption limit, for example, you think you just spend 50 bucks a day on it?I don't think so.Just say, because your promotion is a continuous process, we understand if you spend 50 bucks, don't you? It doesn't mean you have to be forced to spend a lot of money, depending on your own business.I don't think so.You can set it up yourself when you're backstage. Then I'm right.	labels:This one doesn't know much.
text:If you don't do this, is this place like your company's dental register called Sea Endings? That means it can be found in business as well, right?	labels:I'm a medical agency license. Health Department property management, right?
text:So you're registered as an individual or as a company?I don't think so.That's business information.	labels:I still haven't got my business license.
text:I haven't got a license yet.	labels:But I have a license for a medical institution.
text:There's a medical certificate, right? Yeah.	labels:It's written on the ocean mouth.
text:If that's not how I am, tomorrow's word is whether you have time at 10:00 a.m. or 3:00 p.m., you can send someone here to give you a detailed answer.	labels:I don't think I know much about this, and then you tell me that QQ can talk to me first. Okay? Qq talk to me first, okay?
text:Qq, when you look at me and you on the phone, your QQ can make it clear, because we're like, like, you must have a website, and we can show you what we're doing, or what you're asking, and he can bring you some business information and a plan.	labels:You can send someone.
text:That's why you're here. Do you think it's 10:00 a.m. or 3:00 p.m. tomorrow?	labels:Come tomorrow afternoon then.
text:How about 3 p.m.? All right. You leave a cell phone number here, or else I'll have to call you if that's what you're going to do. If you're not picking up the machine, it's bad for our manager.	labels:Are you guys still at your place?
text:What's wrong with Bear Fly?	labels:He contacted me earlier.
text:Bear Fly I don't know.	labels:Maybe.
text:He's not here anymore. I don't know. That's the number. I'll leave you my personal number.	labels:Then.
text:375-oh 275, huh?I don't think so.159,275.	labels:Then three zeros.
text:Three zero-two-fours so long, I'm looking at 159275 three-two-two 4,1234567789367 81 places, and then where is your company's address? Friendship Avenue.	labels:The range of bus stations at the Aoyama passenger terminal.
text:I'll remember friendship later.	labels:(c) The Blue Hill Passenger Terminal on Avenue Avenue.
text:It's a Qingshan passenger depot. Yes, then a Qingshan passenger depot on Friendship Avenue.	labels:And here's where the bus station is.I don't think so.You can see it at the bus stop.
text:The station, and that's what's on your sign.	labels:The sea.
text:It's a terminal clinic, isn't it? It's a last-minute clinic. I'll remember it later.	labels:Clinic.
text:You're Director Liu, right? You're in charge of all your outpatients, aren't you?	labels:Right.
text:Okay, okay, okay, okay, I'll just say what's going on over there tomorrow at 3:00 p.m., okay? Okay, you're busy. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Is this Qi's Kim Han plastic? Hello. I'm with Wuhan Baidu. Didn't we have a colleague who contacted you last year?
text:Business isn't good enough.	labels:It's okay if you're doing this data business, that's what it is right now.
text:What's your promotion like now?	labels:You should've known all about it before. I see you've made it on your website. Right. Now we're promoting it mainly through the search of keywords to bring you some intended clients, on our 100 degrees, and then we're going to have some graphic ads. Do you understand?
text:If it's a push, how much is a year worth?	labels:If you have a budget on your side in the Internet market, you can control it. If you have 10,000 dollars a year, it can. If you have 20,000 dollars a year, you can have a budget on your side.I don't think so.Do you understand? Do you understand the 100-degree pattern?
text:Are you one of those economic promotions?	labels:Yes, it's based on valid access. At a later stage, a client searches through a 100-degree search engine for product keywords in your industry, and your company's information will appear on the front pages of our 100-degree homepage, so that we can only charge if the client sees your information and clicks in and browsses it.
text:Understand such a good idea to know I know.I don't think so.Right.	labels:It's a cost you can control on your side.
text:There's supposed to be some big variety or something.	labels:You're saying I'm sorry I didn't hear you.
text:He didn't say there was a call to me about eight commercials.	labels:What kind of love ad? What do you mean, love ad?
text:Eight.	labels:It's a big bottle, isn't it?
text:Eight is 88 sheets of 8.	labels:Eight bottles of ads, right? Yeah. He said I said I said that it was mandatory, like when you go to websites like the news, when it's online, when it's video, isn't it?I don't think so.There are big screen ads for this kind of thing, too, on our side.
text:You know how ads do.	labels:We're all the same. You'll be working with us on a hundred-degree backstage operating account, and if the keyword search and publicity and the screen ads are all together, you can understand that, right?I don't think so.You can open up the search extension. You can.
text:You say there's no bottom, there's no bottom, there's no bottom, there's no way I'll keep paying if I want to link up every day.	labels:Yeah, look at the budget you put on this side, it must be a little something you can set up every day. I just want to spend $80 a day or $100 a day. You can set it up, you know? Controllable.
text:I'll think about it.	labels:I know it is. I know it's true because that's what we're doing here. First, it's going to be looking for your product on 100 degrees, and he's going to need it, isn't he?I don't think so.After he searches, we'll show your ads, they'll be free, and when the client's interested in your ads, we'll charge you this fee.I don't think so.We have the advantage of bringing your product to a customer who needs it.
text:I know.	labels:Do you have any idea what we're paying for?
text:The costs are not clear at this time.	labels:That's what we're doing here, $7,200 to open an account, because I think you've got a big deal to do on your website, and there's $6,000 in your account, as a cost you'll have later on.
text:- How much more?	labels:There are also 1,200 fees for services.
text:Do we have to pay every year after?	labels:Yes, we'll have a professional customer service for you at a later stage to guide you in the operation of our back-office account and to do a data analysis for you back-office.I don't think so.Because every time I visit our website after you cooperate with us, it's on record, and we'll make a statistical report for you later, and we'll send it to you.I don't think so.Even if you know where every penny of your money is spent, how much is it going to bring you?
text:I'll be in touch with you in the afternoon.	labels:All right, well, I'll go over to your office tomorrow to explain it in detail, and we'll go backstage and show it to you again.
text:I'm here because I'm not at the factory. I'm here now.	labels:You went to Hanakawa, right? Your factory's at Hanakawa's. Your office address was in Wuhan, right?
text:Right?	labels:Like, do you have a plan to do this right now?
text:I have a promotion plan.	labels:That's the idea, isn't it? Maybe we don't know or worry about 100 degrees? I know. You know where you are. I'll talk to you on my own, and I'll work with some of your colleagues on the data, and I'll show you in person.
text:It's easy for me to tow you.	labels:Let's go, shall we?
text:The Hancheon station is near the station.	labels:That's near the Hankawa station, right? Hold on a second, I'll take a look at the exact address.
text:Kawaguchi.	labels:Hang on a second. High Steel Station in Hancheon. Right?
text:The town of Maguchi in Hancheon. The town of Makoguchi.	labels:A horse is a horse's horse, isn't it? The mouth of a horse is a horse's mouth. Where is a horse's mouth?
text:390 in the village of Sanma, on the southern river, in Madang town.	labels:South River Village, right?
text:South River country.	labels:Is the south southwest and southwest of the south? Is the river the river of the south river? What's the number?
text:Mamura?	labels:What village?
text:Jang Ma's factory.	labels:Right, Zhang Ma? The horse is also a horse, right? Yes, San Ma. What's the number? 390?
text:I've got time tomorrow. I've got time.	labels:Wait till tomorrow, okay, I'll arrange it. Maybe it's a little far from there. I'll arrange it. I'll call you before tomorrow. Good.I don't think so.Okay. Well, do you have any questions about our 100 degrees? Some patterns and costs.
text:The data message you're providing is just a record of the charges. Anything else?	labels:You mean backstage data after we worked together later? He's got a record of deductions, and every time you visit my website, how long has he been on our website, and he's been searching for the key words to find our site. He's got a record, you know?
text:Okay.	labels:He's got a record, not just a deduction, but we'll let you know how each time it's generated, how long the client stays on our website, and from which page it disappears, we'll do a data report so that we can manage it later, that's to analyze whether there's a problem with the key word set we're promoting, or whether there's a problem with our web page, because some of our clients just clicked on our website, and it's definitely our website, and it's probably going to be a slow opening, or it's going to be beautiful.I don't think so.It doesn't suit its taste. We can do this data analysis later. Okay, okay. I'll call you tomorrow. Okay.
text:It should be all right before the cost is 13,122.	labels:Yeah, well, I think it's acceptable to you as long as it's working for you and bringing your clients, right? And there's $6,000 in it for later promotion. Okay, let's call you before we get there. Okay, okay, good-bye, good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:You're doing an ad on this piece here. Yes, sir. My name is Dai. My name is Dai Hong Ri. I'm here to talk to you about Wuhan Bedau, so if you want to consult your company on this piece, do you want to use the 100-degree platform to bring some customers to you?
text:What are you doing? I don't know what you call me every day.	labels:So we have a colleague who contacted you before, right?
text:Right.	labels:You must be very familiar with what you're saying to us at the moment, don't you?
text:Not really.	labels:It's not familiar, because, like this, I'm in contact with you right now, it's the main thing, because you've had a lot of old clients in your business before, and it's all very good.
text:If that's the case, what if I did two or three? Who's in 123?	labels:The ranking of 123 is determined by a combination of several factors, the first being one of your bids, the second being the quality of your key word and your advertising word.I don't think so.I don't know if you usually look for any of the keywords, but there's some red fonts in the ads below, and one of the qualities of the keyword is that we call it the number of times it's red, that it's connected to this one, and that one of your rankings is determined by these factors.
text:What would I do if I had to do it?	labels:Do you have a website? If you want to do it, you can start with a website, and then you can open an account here.
text:How much do you want to tell me?	labels:The site is now 188, because it was 5,000 before, but now it's a discount, and now it's a service fee, $1,200 a year, covering your entire advertising keyword optimization, back-office maintenance, and finally a pre-deposit element of 5,000, which means you have a client who has access to your website through your own registered keyword, and do you have a 100-degree extension?
text:How many keywords do I sign up for?	labels:No request.
text:For example, I'm going to choose five or ten keywords, if I just get the keywords or if we get the words that I have, say, five, 10, 10, how many words, how many? No. And what is the other thing, how much each time you click?	labels:It's like this, it's like searching for a keyword like you didn't call, and it's free.I don't think so.Yes, it must be displayed after you have opened the key to your registration, and then he clicks on your website to get to know it successfully before paying for it.
text:Yeah, well, it's like how much at once, and you've got about how much every time you go in there.	labels:Every time you go in, we'll have an average industry average, and we'll see what you say, like your side, for example, if you do this piece of ad spray design, which is about 50 to 80 cents, which is the average, and go in once.
text:55 cents to 80 cents, and every time you go in there, it's 50 cents to 80 cents.	labels:But you have to register the keywords yourself.
text:There is also the question of how, for example, if I keep going in every hundred times at the same IP address, it's not gonna be black with bad intentions, so it's not.	labels:In this case, it is very professional and very good to ask you this question. The same IP address is visited at the same time, and it is charged only once, no matter how many hits or once.
text:It's the same ip address. Just say it once.	labels:During the same period, he only charged a fee for one visit.
text:At the same time, the time was a few long days, the same IP address, and only one visit took place on the same day.	labels:Any questions?I don't think so.I think you're very professional. Did you get a little information from every agent of mine, and then you don't.
text:I'm sick and tired of calling you four or five times a day.	labels:With all this, our system is not set up, for example, by the first person, and the second person can't.
text:I've got two calls in your company, at least twice and three times each, and I've got this number on my back, and this number is yours.	labels:It's a very good number for us.
text:Well, you know, if you see if you have time to get to our company tomorrow morning, I'll get to the bottom of this, okay?	labels:You've been trying to figure this one out for a while, haven't you?I don't think so.Okay. Can I set you up for tomorrow?
text:Why don't you just call me in advance and make an appointment? I'm here at Hanguchi.	labels:Right, Hanguchi? You tell me we'll talk to you later. Is your company's name the new White Cloud ad project that I just said? Right? Then you tell me the address, and I'll remember.
text:I've been on Hanguchi Boulevard Road, what's 417 Hanguchi? The baby built 417.	labels:I know where the Boulevard is.
text:Now to 411-417.	labels:Okay.
text:It's classified on 417 now.	labels:It's Bok Fung Construction Avenue, but it's this side of Bok Fung Road. Good. I'm going to ask you tomorrow's time, and then I'm going to ask the client to call you today, whether it's the morning or the afternoon. Good, good, good, good, good, good.	episode_done:True
text:Mr. Tang, I'm talking to the handsome Bride of Xu Lixia.	labels:Hello.
text:It's been a long time since I called you, because I was busy with you in March. Did the company have time to plan this? Yes, they did.	labels:Now it's definitely up to you to do it.
text:Do you have time for this afternoon?	labels:I didn't write it before. I'd like to get you guys to do one of these ads. You're making me a website now, aren't you?
text:Yeah, that's two sites for you, one computer site plus one cellular site, because if you're usually a searcher, you should be able to see it. If you're a searcher, it's all there, and a company's information-based investment is linked to the official network.I don't think so.Yeah. So if you want to promote our side, you'll be able to do two websites, one cell phone and one computer-based site directly from our company.	labels:Right.
text:By way of example, you can see your information on the first page of the 100-degree version of Wuhan Finance Corporation, Wuhan Construction Company and your business-related key words, and then click on your information to enter one of your official networks, and then enter your website, see some details, and you can be consulted on the telephone.	labels:You can help me. I don't know if this is.I don't think so.What's the cost of leaving at noon?
text:Two sites, a computer site plus a cellular site, are now active. Last year it was 2088, and now it's only $1,300, and then the annual service fee is 1,200, so you can choose between a minimum of 6,000 and $1.25 million.I don't think so.100 degrees on one side and the lowest on the other are 8500, yes.	labels:You said 815 was what it was, about how much.
text:In the case of 8500, if you have just mentioned to you that there is $1,300 in the two sites, one computer-based site plus one mobile-based website, then one annual service fee is $1,200 per year, which means that our company will arrange a customer service for you every year. What is your problem with the extension, or if you have a product to change, or if you have a 100 degree, you can contact the customer service for some information that needs to be changed.I don't think so.The customer service is equivalent to helping you maintain your entire promotional backstage, and there is a pre-arranged advance of $6,000, which, in the case of $6,000, will be placed in your 100-degree account.	labels:Yeah, so you're talking about a total of $8,500, right? Yeah. The other guy that clicked on us made a promotion, and the reason we did it was right.I don't think so.How do you charge for two clicks on my online dot?
text:This is a charge based on the price of your keyword, which means that because the price of different keywords is different, you can also have a lot of keywords, depending on what kind of keywords you want to make later on.	labels:What's the key word for me?
text:I'm here to recommend some keywords for you, right? Did you say anything about doing financial business last time?	labels:The Jade Station, the doors and windows, the aluminium, the doors and windows, and the Sunshine Room.
text:Sunshine room is the rain and window. Okay, let me check the rain and window, okay?	labels:If you look at the estimated costs, you'll probably tell me, and I'll sit right here after that. What's the usual information about the scope of your operations?
text:You can control your input, which means that the entire province of Hubei and even the entire territory of Wuhan city can be expanded.	labels:That is not the end of the line.
text:If you want to push north of the lake to talk to the customer, it can be changed.	labels:Tell you where Wuhan City is, probably.
text:The whole town of Wuhan.	labels:If you want to play, just do it for me. You'll see when you get to your company.
text:I've just seen the management of the money. You're close. Come to our company, right?	labels:What's the first deposit?
text:You can do it with our company, because you can do it with the website and backstage at the same time.I don't think so.Yeah, if you're busy here, if you don't have time to come to our company, I can just say that we can talk to you as a customer manager for your profession.	labels:Right? If you still want these days, because I go out a lot, you're with me or something, okay.
text:Sunday is today.	labels:Come by on Friday, okay?
text:You're going to your company on Friday, right?	labels:Why don't you come over to my side?
text:Okay, where's your firm's specific address?	labels:You drive over to direct navigation, put a little bit on it. Get to Hayes.
text:Why don't you start over here? I'll write down the address.	labels:To climb up the mountains with furniture. To climb up the mountains. To walk deep into the mountains.
text:Zhang Xian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian Qian.	labels:Jaody's di, Ka's good, Jaggio Jizhiji's, Ho's a rich man.I don't think so.You'll be brought here when you're a navigational address.
text:It's Hannan's side, isn't it?	labels:Where do you think you're going?
text:It's Gaki Hakati. Howdy's a top-of-the-art D in the jewelry room.I don't think so.Is that an address on your license?	labels:Now that we see it on our street, I'm the production base here.
text:There's time for you to say that you're on Hannan's side on Friday. If it's not convenient for Tang to see you, send me a full address and send me the QQ as soon as you know it.	labels:Are you coming by car or by car?
text:Get in the car. Get in the car.	labels:If you come here, you're in the south of Wuhan City, you're directly in the south of the river, Henan's very small, and if you're in the south of the river, call me on the phone.
text:Well, that's fine, then go straight to Hannan and call you, right? Why don't you come over? Fine. If I'm on my side, I'll be on Friday.	labels:Yeah. 75 a.m.
text:Okay, I'll be there in the morning, and I'll call you in the morning. Yes, I'll be there on Thursday night. I'll check with you about the time and address. No.	labels:Just come straight over.
text:All right. Okay, we'll see you on Friday. Okay.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:How do you do? Is this Manager Han here?	labels:Yes, where are you?
text:Miss Han, I'm here with Wuhan Baidu. You said so. The manager contacted you to ask if your company has a network to promote it, and plans to do so through our 100-degree platform.	labels:You're doing a hundred-degree takeout, aren't you?
text:We don't do a hundred-degree takeout. Keywords search this piece.	labels:We're mainly on how to do it.
text:For example, someone searched your company on 100 degrees for like keywords, your website.	labels:And then I know, and then he can jump out.
text:It's on your website.	labels:Let's say we're working with you guys on how to work together.
text:Do you have a website?	labels:We're doing it.
text:You're working on a website, aren't you? When do you think it'll be ready?	labels:It seems that there are some details that need to be communicated.
text:I'd like to ask you, if you're doing a promotion here, what's a project for the main extension company? A merger or a brand name for the company?	labels:We have a company's platform chained up in a union.
text:Why don't you sit down? Have you ever learned the generals of Internet outreach before?	labels:No, because we've just established a new company on our side, so there's a lot of them, and they're not very clear, and they're all at the groping stage.
text:Is that right? Because I'll see if you're going to be working on this piece of rice, or what?	labels:Right.
text:Like 100 degrees, you're working on a website, and you're almost done, right?I don't think so.And then we're going to promote this piece, and it's also going to be a simple model, which is a keyword search, and then we're going to have a top-up site, and we're going to have a two-part extension, part of which is an annual service charge of 1,200, and another 6,000 pre-arranged, which is an opening fee of $7,200.	labels:It's almost 7,200 a year, isn't it?
text:It is not based on year or month, but it is based on an effective number of visits, such as when the client finds your website through this key word, and when you visit your website, you will be charged 100%, and no fees will be charged for non-accession.	labels:The number of hits, right?
text:Right.I don't think so.In fact, if the Korean Army does have a plan to do this, we can go to your company sometime. Can you get a detailed look at this piece?	labels:Yes.
text:Do you have time for this afternoon?	labels:This afternoon at the company.
text:In the company? Where's your own address?	labels:We're on this side of the way to Kuda.
text:Koda all the way, then.	labels:Naeda went all the way to 52 Long Fung Avenue.
text:52 Chang Fung Avenue? Is that right, your company's license hasn't come down yet?I don't think so.Of course, I see it's a nice Easter restaurant in Hubei, but I didn't find it up there, company license.	labels:Anyway, we know it's good to be down last year.
text:Did you do this on Wuhan's side, or?	labels:The company on Wuhan's side was only here last year, and it must have done it.
text:But I can't get good on the business network. You're good. Right.	labels:Yeah.
text:I can't find my license.	labels:- Can't you do that? - Yeah.
text:Okay, okay. Are you sure it was on Wuhan's side?	labels:I'll check again. I saw our license in our company. I didn't do it.
text:But are you in charge of this piece of the Internet now?	labels:This one of us. Oh.
text:You're at the office this afternoon, aren't you?I don't think so.In the afternoon at the company. Okay, I'll do it this afternoon because our company's on the other side, and then I guess it'll be two or three o'clock by the end of the afternoon.	labels:Okay.
text:Then you look at it.	labels:It's my brother's phone, isn't it?
text:This is our company's phone. I'll send you my contact number. Is this your phone number?	labels:Yeah, all right.
text:I'll send you my contact details, then you can save them, and I'll go straight to 52 Long Fung Avenue in the afternoon. Okay, well, then I'll send you my phone number later.	labels:Okay, okay, I'll be a little late. I've got something on the outside.
text:I'll see you in the afternoon.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:It's Manager Lee, isn't it?	labels:Which one?
text:This is the art of culture and culture, isn't it?	labels:Right.
text:I'm sorry to bother you. My last name is Gong, and I'm from Wuhan Baidu's side of the factory.	labels:You're right.
text:Let me ask you if you're thinking about promoting it here.	labels:What's the promotion?
text:It's on the Internet, isn't it?	labels:Which software, which platform? 100 degrees. 100 degrees?
text:There's a flow of information and a search, a motor vehicle to a search. There's a stream of information that's now mainly stickers, browsers and mobile phone platforms. We have a variety of products.	labels:We do kids' education.
text:Which one is the 12 young people? Painting? Is it a little kid's neighborhood business?	labels:Isn't that right? I have two.
text:Two shops, you can do an extension here, and your company was set up at the end of March.	labels:If we promote it, it's certainly only for the neighborhood, for example, within a few kilometres.
text:We can back it up.	labels:But because we signed a contract with another platform, which platform? Vibration, headlines, tremors.
text:It's the headline, isn't it?I don't think so.In fact, the headlines, because these two platforms I know you're training kids, because shaking is not about the neighborhood.	labels:You shivering it out of the neighborhood just to get it.
text:Would you like to know first, because we're doing the same thing on this platform.	labels:I'll add a few letters, and I'll call you if I need anything.
text:Do you want to know our price or pattern or what?	labels:We all need to understand.
text:Of course, you need to know. I'll talk to you briefly on the phone, and I don't know if you're busy. Then there's one way we're going to compete, so you're not in the market for Wu-han. Yes, if Wu-han is actually working on children's drawings, then your client uses the key words you set up, and then makes an official business website with your company, right?I don't think so.Because, like you do two platforms, it's probably a pretty big background, and it's not possible for a company to do two platforms in the first place, because usually it's too late to do it, and then it can be the first to be an official website of the company, and then even if you cast a tremors and a headline, right?I don't think so.Clients also need to be searched online. If your client doesn't have a network of business officers, the client may be trusted. Maybe it's not that high, right?I don't think so.Like parents, you're sure to search your company for information online. If you work with us 100 times, you're going to do an authentication, right? A simple logical question is that you're going to do a real-name certification for a client parent, right? You're going to promote it.	labels:I know. That's why I need it, because you can't tell me about your phone on the phone, can you?
text:The reason we charge is because we charge a lot of money, thousands of dollars to, uh, millions of dollars to open an account, and then, just as we're doing it now, we charge $500 for a single domain name space, a two-site PC station and a mobile phone station.I don't think so.It's 500 bucks. It's cheap, because it's 500 before we do it right now.	labels:The dollar's right.
text:500 bucks is a double-stop phone and a pc station.	labels:Double station. For now, Hong Kong Australasia.
text:Then, in the case of 10,004 of the package, there are 5,000 searches for the client's search keywords, which are then slowly withheld, followed by a three-day stream of information, which is directed to you, mainly on a sticker, and then a 100-degree browser and three mobile phone platforms, which are information searchers.I don't think so.That's it.	labels:You're going to send this to me in a letter.
text:Let me take a look. I'll send you the file. Is this your cell phone number? No.	labels:The other one I'll report to you.
text:Wait a minute, you're trying to do what you want, or not, because I'm going to do something tonight, and I'm going to bring you up to date tomorrow, because I might be able to talk to you on the phone.	labels:Not that I'm not at the company tomorrow.
text:What do you say your message is tomorrow?	labels:1871871997, huh? 445944559.
text:Are you a director of the company or what? Why are you in the company?	labels:Wait a minute.
text:You're at the office on Wednesday, aren't you?	labels:Today at the company, but I'll be gone soon.
text:It's a private room, isn't it? Yeah.I don't think so.You were in charge of tremors and pyramids, weren't you?	labels:It's another one of us.
text:You signed it, didn't you? You should be very conscious of the Internet. Are your companies on Northeast Road? Northeast Road, International Second Level? Area C? Is it the license address?	labels:You saw me on the business network, didn't you? Yeah.
text:Is that it? Because you can find out, because you know it's this.I don't think so.You call me a private house? Well, if you don't, you're going to do some training for kids, and I'm going to look for some peer-to-peer cases, and I'm going to come over on Wednesday and I'm going to talk to you about it, because you've always been very strong at promoting the network, mostly with some details, if that's okay with you.	labels:But I'm sure there's no way I'm going to think about it right now. I know what to think.
text:Because that's what I'm saying, because I'm sending you something on the micromail, and, uh, you're a lot of things you know.	labels:I said I said you could come over and bring that thing, but I'll take a look at it.
text:No problem. If you're on your side, you'll have a date on Wednesday, right?	labels:Wednesday.
text:Can't it be Tuesday?	labels:Tuesday.
text:In the morning and afternoon, huh.	labels:Good Tuesday morning.
text:It's Mid-North Road, right? I'll add your name to the list of private houses? And there's a problem, when you're doing art training for kids, it's for the first grade and the second grade.	labels:3-12 years old.
text:From 3 to 12 years old, you have two campuses on your side and one campus on your side?	labels:Mitsuya.
text:You still do a lot. Which kind? Shanghai training in art. Creative art.	labels:Creative.
text:Art? Fine. I'll just take it to you. I'll take it to Tuesday. I'll be there in the morning.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Mr. Su. I'm here with Wuhan Baidu. We're here to advertise online for businesses like yours.
text:The last call was that they came to Guangzhou.	labels:From Guangzhou, you're Wuhan's company, right?
text:He said their names were 100 degrees.	labels:Guangzhou may be mistaken. Guangzhou is responsible only for their Guangzhou region, because we have a sub-region on this side, and you can only do so if Guangzhou knows it.
text:In Guangzhou, his phone number is Guangdong Guangzhou.	labels:We in Hubei have been working with our company 100-degree-muh-muh-muh, yes, look at you, because companies like yours have been working with us 100-degree-long, and they've been working with us for a long time.I don't think so.So we'll find out about your business online.
text:And then the guy just said that the door wasn't there, that you're going to do it without a threshold, and he's going to charge by the number of hits?	labels:Yes, it is charged on the basis of the number of hits, but it is not said that there is no threshold.
text:Nope.	labels:You know, I'm going to brief you on this, and if we charge, it's going to be the whole of Lake North, which means it's divided into a service fee, an annual service fee, and one is a pre-deposit deposit.I don't think so.It's the way the charges are deducted.
text:You pay a pre-deposit deposit, then he presses and points how many, and then his pre-deposit is withheld, right?	labels:That's it, that's it. It's a result-based model. We're doing something for you. If someone comes to you, we get your information, we charge you one time, click the price, and we don't charge you again on the same day.I don't think so.Yes, because he can't fuck with you in Guangzhou, because this is Hubei, Beijing, Guangzhou, Guangzhou.
text:I don't know where they belong. His phone is from Guangdong Guangzhou.	labels:I don't think so. We're all from Wuhan, we're from Wuhan, we're from Wuhan, we're from Wuhan.
text:How much do you charge for the threshold?	labels:First, it pre-empts a minimum of $8,000, and then 2400 for services.
text:What does 2400 service say? He helped you put it.	labels:That key word.I don't think so.This is a small part of the key word, which means that the cost of the service is to help you set up a back-office extension and a series of SKNs and back-office maintenance for your outreach strategy. He will help you. You can find him if you want to make any adjustments. He can help you solve any problems.
text:The minimum threshold of 8,000 means if someone else closes it, then it's gone, right?	labels:If you have no more buttons, it means either that you keep them on top, or that you spend the amount of money you can set them, or that you can set them online every day.
text:If you're done with the buttons or something, is that message sank in the back or something?	labels:After his presence, he said that he was not in the advertising position, that the advertising position was in the first three places and that the computer was in the first five places.
text:Mm-hmm, it's a first page front of $30,000 before five dollars right.	labels:We are just saying that the first is for us only the first three on the first page.I don't think so.If we're doing the promotion here, he's just saying it's only on the first page, but we're basically promoting the first three, the first three, and it's the same as before, so that's right.
text:You said back there was like the front, and I'm sure he'd like to be in front.I don't think so.No, it's not.	labels:That's what he said later. His ad position is basically the same as on the front page, and our ranking on this side does not take into account the fact that our bid on the back side is just a bid on the front page, and it says it's just a natural grab.
text:Mm-hmm, it doesn't belong to it.	labels:One of our bid places. You'll find you just now.
text:I've been looking for a key word, like a micro-program, and I've got page three.	labels:You'll find it right there.
text:Page 5 or the ad, you'll find the number one.	labels:On page 1, p. 2, p. 3, p. 4, p. 5, his advertising posts are the same, many times the same, and for the best of all, they are the same, not the advertising posts, we are the first three, we are the advertising posts, and we are the advertising posts, p. 2, p. 2, p. 3, p. 4, and we are synchronizing.
text:The synchronisation, for the synchronization.	labels:That means if you're in the top three, you're in the top three.
text:What is this concept?	labels:So you can actually understand that our ads are the top three, either page or page.
text:The first 3 pages per page 100 degrees per page.	labels:One against the other three.
text:The computer end is the first five. If there's a few in the back of the first page, it's like 10 in all.	labels:It's more than 10 pages a page, depending on how you, uh, set it up, and it'll probably be a little more, yeah.I don't think so.That's what we're talking about. We're talking about three places in front of our phones, and we're talking about two places in back of five places in front of our computers.
text:That's it.	labels:In the middle, it's naturally grabbed, it's random.
text:I know some of the people he does that's free, but that's what he does, but he can still be made by white storks.	labels:He's unstable, and he speaks online.
text:He's gonna change his ranking.	labels:Right? It's very unstable and it's going to change, and you'll see that they're different every time you take them. So a little bit of a business, it's different every time, and then you say it and there's a lot of web sites, which means that it's very unlikely that you'll get in if you're taken randomly.
text:Okay, if you click, it's how much you charge and how much you charge.	labels:If we charge a fee at a time, I can only give you an average value, that is, it may be about two dollars at a time, but it's specific.
text:At the age of two.	labels:Yes, but sometimes it is unstable, because it is sometimes low, sometimes relatively high, depending on the speed of a competitive investment, and it is a fluctuating deduction.
text:There is no standard.	labels:It has a criterion that when you do the promotion, it will reflect an offer on your backstage, which means that you can get a better position if you're about to come up with a price.I don't think so.It's that every key word and every time it's changed, and it's not a fixed oh.
text:If someone's wrong, let's forget it.	labels:By mistake, what do you mean by stains like this?
text:For example, someone made a phrase out of it, and then he didn't notice the ads or anything, because it was a lot of casual ads, if you say there was a habit of searching.	labels:In that case, you should be clear that there are very few living circumstances, and that you may be in the same way as we do not yet know.I don't think so.You've got the key word on our side, you've got the key word to search for the industry, you set the key word, you've got the key word, you've got the key word, you've got the key word, you've got the key word, we're gonna charge you for it. Let's just say we don't charge you if there's any other way to access your website.
text:Yeah, it's like a mistake.	labels:It may mean that this is likely to be a very low probability for him at 5 o'clock.I don't think so.Yes, I don't know if your company has a website.
text:There's a company.	labels:There's a website, right? If I have a website, it's probably faster. If it's online, if it's a website, if it's on your side, if it's on your side, then it's really good for your industry, but if it's on your side, is it possible that you're going to do it in the near future?
text:For the time being, it's a free site like B to b. And then one is that kind of construction, and it's in both directions now.	labels:That's the kind of salesman you're asking for, right? Yes, it's a lot less expensive for you to do such an extension.
text:In the case of kindergarten, it is a process of proactive roll-out and, in the case of the website, a clear front-line client has approached such a process.	labels:We're active and passive here, because half of what you don't understand, I'm telling you is a search and a desk stream of information.
text:Is advertising a flow of information just to push someone else?I don't think so.Yeah.	labels:It's an active smart ad.
text:People don't want to talk about it, they give it to people.	labels:Yeah, it's a different kind of ad than a search for an ad. For example, when you look at news, when you look at information on the Internet, you do a couple of ads down, a couple of ads down, that's an ad for information, and you find that the ads are directed according to one of your personal preferences and some other features.I don't think so.And that's the data age. And he's talking about smart advertising, because it's a big data tool, and it's a characteristic feature of you, and then we're going to look at you as a industry, a relatively high-intensity and very high-intended group, and we're going to sift out a very wide range of people who are actually going to put up ads, that's when it's going through some of the platforms, and that's the part where we're going to be active, and that's also going to be going to the effect, but it's not going to be very cheap, and it's usually not going to be more than five cents a time, and it's going to be in the interest of others, and you don't have to worry about saying that you might not be able to say that you can't get one out of electricity, and you're going to find someone else, so it's a kind of intelligence advertising, so it's a complementary set.
text:Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, well, now the industry's a new one.	labels:It's a small program, isn't it?I don't think so.Because of this year's fire, the second half of last year's speech has not yet begun, this year's matches.
text:It is felt that there are still no large households, but it may be because of Wuhan ' s presence, since they may be more accepted in a large city, possibly north of the country.	labels:Like last year, I've introduced a few small programs, like a shopkeeper like him, and he could do something like a supermarket that he wants to cover around, and then go to the Internet, he sends it directly, as if it were a small program, and I've introduced a few of them.
text:Right.	labels:Because you could have done it on your side, and he was supposed to have talked to him about our promotion, but we weren't fit for him, and then he was supposed to be a little program or a public name.
text:Right.	labels:So it's a good business for you to be online, to be able to promote people like him first, to sell through the Internet, to be more aware, to be able to find some services online. You're on the Internet, that's how we can find you online, so it's a good thing to go online.I don't think so.Like you say, if it's like doing electrical sales, it's a little big for a needle in the ocean.I don't think so.I'm on the same side, but we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we're on the same side, we's the same side, we's, we's, we're on the same the same side, we's the same side, we's the same the same side, and we's the same side, we's the same, we's, we're on the same the same the same side, we's, we's, we're on the same, we's, we's, we's, we's the same, we're on the same, we're on the same the same the same, we's the same the same, we's the same, we's, we's the same, we's, we's, we's the same, we's, we's, we's the same the same the same the same the same, we's, we's, we's the same the same the same the same, we's, we's, we're on the same, we're on the same, we's the same, we's the same, we
text:Waiting for 1,000 clients to find them.	labels:We're going to advertise online, we're going to advertise on the outside, we're going to call, we're going to call the company, we're going to be hard when they do it. But we're not the same group, we're the kind of group that's looking for customers, we're the kind of group that's looking for businesses, and it's the kind of group that's not.I don't think so.So what you're saying is that your side is really good enough to do it, and we're going to do it at the end of the month, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do it.I don't think so.Because it takes 20 days for us to go online, say you're doing it at the end of the month, and you're not going to get your ad online until the end of next month.
text:If it's specific, would you like to put it this way?I don't think so.I'd like to take a look at the information.	labels:If you're interested, I'll just say we can hear it. If you don't have any interest, you can call me at a later stage, okay?
text:So I'll leave your contact details, and I'll be in touch with the details, okay?	labels:Okay, I'll add your micro-mail. Can you add 1806 to your micro-mail? Okay. Right.
text:Right.	labels:My name is Liao Sheng, take care of it.I don't think so.Well, if you're going to do it in the near future, if you're going to do it in your profession, you're going to do it, because it's almost 18 years to six months in June, and then later in the year, I'm sure you're going to try hard to do it in the next half, so it's a good time to do it.I don't think so.I've been talking to you for so long, I'll add your message. If you need anything, you can ask for advice at any time. I'll let you know if I have any activity on my side.
text:All right, all right.	labels:I'll add, you take care of it.
text:All right, all right.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mr. Guan. I've just been in touch with you. You just asked me if there's any more questions, and I'll give you some answers.	labels:I mean, how do they charge for this?
text:I will briefly introduce you to 100 degrees, which is a fee for a valid visit. In case you don't have a valid visit, the click is not wrong. What is a valid visit? If you have a client looking for Wuhan against burglary, curtains, mosquitoes or anti-piracy screens online, where there is better, how much money, and so on, you can see your information on the first page of the 100 degrees, as well as information about your peers.I don't think so.If he says he's more interested in your aesthetic information, and he thinks it's good, he can go straight to your website, because I see it's done, right?I don't think so.When it enters your website, it can see directly which products are displayed on your website. We've worked together on some of the cases in which he can click and leave a message directly on the front page of your website if he is interested in your company, or see how you contact, call you, consult, or buy.I don't think so.If you ask me if we're paying 100% now, I'll take you to a customer like a customer who's staying on your website for more than 60 seconds, and we'll charge you one time. For example, you can save $5.01 million, and we'll deduct it from your deposit.	labels:It stopped when it was done.I don't think so.Yeah. How much did you say it was?
text:Look at you. I don't know if you're saying you're doing 100 degrees, I'm going to say it. Do you want to do it for a long time, or do you want to try it for a short time?	labels:What does it look like in the long run?
text:I've been saying this for a long time with you, and I don't know if you've ever known that they've been doing this kind of burglary-proof window, and if they're making this kind of wooden window, they're doing it, and they're doing it, and they're doing it for a year, and we're setting it between 20,000 and 50,000, and you can save it for what you've actually done, which means, for example, that you've asked them to save 20,000 dollars in front of him, and if we brought him a client, you've withheld it this time, and if there are no customers, there's no visitors, we've shown it thousands or thousands of times free of charge, and it's not moving in a hundred degrees of accounts.	labels:You said he didn't take it off without an interview, didn't you?I don't think so.Right.
text:Your backstage, because when you work with us, you can see the information on the backstage at the back of the 100, you can find out which of my clients is coming in, and you know what I'm doing, and that's one way of doing it.	labels:You visit them once. They're spontaneous. How much money did he send?
text:Their keywords are unlimited now, because they have made a lot of keywords, and they have about 80 to 100 keywords, so the price for each keyword is different, for example, if he makes a Wu-Han or a Wu-Han window, the price of the word is different, and you can choose it yourself, for example, if I choose a Wu-Han window, which is about 80 cents, and we are 80 cents, if it is a year.	labels:The cost is about as much as it costs.
text:Because he's been working with us for two years now, he's a forward fee, he can save up to $10,000 in advance, for example, two quarters after he's spent about six months or so.	labels:You can find out about his history, say, how much he spent this year, say, for example, from November to December of this year, and I can have one in my heart, which means, because I'm not telling the truth, and I haven't tried it.
text:You had no idea how much I could spend on 100 degrees, did you?	labels:My concept is that there's a possibility of burning $99,000, but the economy will be very good, because.
text:You're afraid of a lot of non-cooperatives, which is what employers like you think, because if you don't try the 100-degree platform, it's probably the way you think it is, just because you have a colleague like you, and because you're paying a fee, I'm telling you, because someone does it for a short time, like a quarter for three months, and if it doesn't work, it won't happen again.I don't think so.But if it works, it's always going to go on, like you just asked me how much you're going to need. I think each company is different, and we can see how much they cost a year.I don't think so.But the problem is that even if you cooperate with us after that, I won't tell anyone because it belongs to you and is equivalent to the manager of the business.	labels:So let's just say, because we're more like him, and there's analogy, and I'm just a reference to him or to a secret that doesn't involve business, that I might be a little different from him with that pen, but most of that sort of operation is more similar, and we don't have a great deal of competition, and we don't have a lot of money.
text:I can understand you saying that. I'm going to help you take a quick look at it in the light of what they're doing now, because you're a low-seasoned business, especially the brakes.	labels:There is a light season for light, yes, and we are not saying that there is no direct face-to-face very fierce competitor, and because this is the right piece of the customer, we will not finish the market.
text:You know what you're saying. I'll take a quick look at it. In your business situation, as a rule, since it's starting in May or April until August, it's almost all seasons, right?	labels:October.
text:Then, if it's all a season, their consumption usually takes about 1,500 to 2,000 months.I don't think so.You're right on your side if it's a light season, like it was in September until about January or February of next year, because it may not be very easy to buy, if it's okay to say you didn't do other products, if there's no other product, it's usually very little consumption, and if it's consumed, it's probably a few hundred dollars.	labels:If that is the case, we insist, because we now have a website that says that services are optimized, and our optimisation of outsourcing is probably 600 to 1,000 dollars, and it's constantly updating the keywords.
text:You say you really value the Internet, and you're doing it right now. How's it going?	labels:You don't think? The effect is not ideal, but it also has some effect. Because the website is outsourced, and its general website is managed by their number, right?
text:You were talking about beauty, weren't you?	labels:And when other clients look at the site, they feel that there are professionals working on the site, which does not look like an ordinary site.
text:You're right. Now, as you say, he's doing 100 degrees, right?	labels:Who you say is right.
text:If that's like it.	labels:What we're talking about is that I don't really know what they're doing.
text:You don't know which platform you're talking about, but you're just saying that we're doing an optimist right now, are you?	labels:Right.
text:It's your company, Sammy, right? Well, I'm probably aware, because you're about as normal as you say it is. It's just that it's not a 100-degree extension, because it's not a 100-degree extension, because it's an opt-in, for example, that I'm going to go through a 100-degree ranking, and I'm going to help you get it, but he's not going to be in front of the 100-degree extension, and he's going to be behind the 100-degree extension.	labels:Right.
text:If you are interested in doing so, we can do it together.	labels:Mm-hmm.
text:I don't know if you said you didn't do this because you said so before, and if you have time, let the head of the relevant market department bring you a relevant information, so you can make a comparison yourself.I don't think so.All right, you usually work at the company, don't you?	labels:It's often an appointment, sometimes.
text:Yeah, if you're at the company, we'll arrange for you to come over and talk to you.	labels:Yes, but I don't know by the end of the year, because it was the biggest season of the past month.
text:Yeah, so I understand, because if you're in the business right now, maybe you won't be willing to put money out at the end of the year, right?	labels:It doesn't matter if there's not much money.
text:If you can say that because you've been perfected before, and if you've been promoted to do it together, I don't have to advise you to do that much, but to save $12,000.I don't think so.You can keep a base deposit, one of which is a reserve of $5,000, plus a service fee of $1,200.I don't think so.Yeah, you can try it yourself, see if you're different from what you just told me.I don't think so.You can have another online competition with them, see which one would be better.	labels:That's the way to think about it.
text:Are you going to the company tomorrow?	labels:Tomorrow on Friday. Tomorrow on Friday.
text:Is that okay? Are you in the morning or in the afternoon?	labels:Early in the morning.
text:Morning, huh? Okay, what time is it? We're just like around 9:00.	labels:I'll be there at 8:00.
text:Eight years? Okay, I'm early. Where are you from?	labels:The site says it's just over on Mt. Wuchang White Avenue.
text:You're at Hefkin Hill in White Sands? Yeah, because I'm from Jiangxia, and then we're from Red Xia.	labels:Red Xia me.
text:Yeah, it's close, because we're probably a little further away from work now, because our company's on Dragon Island.	labels:Oh, yeah.
text:Come on, I'll be with you tomorrow at about 8:00, or around 9:00, okay?	labels:Why don't you try to get a little early, anyway?
text:Let's go as early as possible. I'll go as soon as I can. I guess it's not me. We'll have a special market manager call you, okay?I don't think so.Come on.	labels:All right.
text:We'll prepare it for you then. If we're going to make a deal with you, would you mind setting this down?	labels:We'll see tomorrow, because we're renovating the shop and just starting to renovate.
text:I'll leave you a contact if you know what your problem is. My name is Kim Chiu, and you remember it well. Call me if you have any questions.	labels:Okay, can do it.
text:Okay, I'll borrow it tomorrow. Okay, I won't tell you much this year. I'll see you tomorrow. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Well, well, well, I see you're not making a cross-check. If you're trying to do a business, I'm going to introduce you to some of the internships, because the school is really hot now, and there's a cross-check on the Internet, and there's probably some kind of web site that we're doing, and there's probably a 100-degree or 100-degree model that we're doing, and he's going to jump out on the Internet, or he's going to look for something that's going to be connected to the cross-checking ball, and some of the aliases are going to click on the web site or something that's going to be more interesting, and others are going to pay for it, and we're going to promote it on the 100th and then it's going to be on the first page, and then it's going to be the first page, and he's going to think about it or what's going on the page, and he's going to look at it and see what's going on the page, and what's going on the page.I don't think so.In other words, let me ask you if you have a real-estate shop, see it in your shop. Here, this is mainly through a web channel, which means that you can be made more aware, especially through a web platform, because there are a lot of Alibaba that I see doing, and Alibaba's main business brand is actually online, and then we focus on the promotion of the business, which is the extension of the product.I don't think so.Because Ali Baba you're probably listening to Ali Baba first, and he knows you've got something to trade with, and we're here if he doesn't know that he only knows about the cross-carrying school, but he can find someone immediately through the cross-carrying, faster, and then you're on the front page, because you don't have to charge, because we're on the front page, so as long as he clicks in and sees if there's a charge on the site, that's right.I don't think so.It's usually about 50 cents. It's not very expensive.I don't think so.We're talking about searching for cross-carrying, which is 6353 per day, and basically, if you're hanging on the front page, there may be three, four or four whole rows in the first row and three in the second row, which may not be the same, because it's probably a lot less for your industry now, and not very competitive online, and you don't know how to make or sell furniture, because you might search the keywords or say a lot of furniture, and that's a lot of it, and that's a lot of it.I don't think so.Because when you start doing it, knowing that there is a network, it's a habit to search for things online, and it's probably because not all people have friends or acquaintances, and I say that he needs to know something on both sides, and if he feels good about it, he's going to look at it himself, because if you're more popular than you are, you can't say you're going to sell or put a spot outside, he's having a hard time.I don't think so.And if there's a front door that's more expensive, and the other one that I've seen a lot more about you is that he might want to do something like that, which means he's got a design, and you're going to go to Lato, and then you're going to have a nicer recovery, and I don't know what you're doing right now.I don't think so.I mean, my amateur mother laughs, and then she wants to sell, so if she's an amateur, look at me looking at you hanging around me like it's a big one, like $120,000, you can't afford it. There's a lot of companies that call me to sell them, and he sells them on his behalf.I don't think so.Yeah, he took it from the center, and here's what I think, if you're saying that you want to do it properly, you might need to do it yourself, because you're supposed to have a very high amount of money that you can collect at least 10% and a minimum of 20%, and I don't know that I haven't studied it in detail, and I think that there's a lot of people who may not have the same eyes as old people and probably have a lot of time at home.I don't think so.Yeah, it's nothing, it's real, and then they don't have a way to sell it, because they don't have a shop, they can't talk about opening a shop for someone else to do it. Many people think they're hanging around their own houses, but hanging in their own houses for a year or two is actually a small one.I don't think so.We've got a lot of second-hand cars, and we've got some black horses, 'cause to tell you the truth, 20 people now tend to do 58 or leave, but my mom says there's a lot of people in love, too many people to do, and now you've been hanging up on your phone for how long?I don't think so.Which means they charge the same amount of money as us, but there's a lot of people who think it's a mistake. He thinks it's a 58th rally, and it's probably a better life site for you to go in, but how many competitors do you have when you go in, how long can you line up, but if you do not do a lot of what you say right now, people do nothing, and he doesn't do much, and he looks at you first, right?I don't think so.You're 58, he's the first to do it, but he doesn't have to see it first. You've been in charge for less than a day, and you've been brushed off. We're on a click charge, they're on a governance charge. I don't know about them. What do you do for a used car?I don't think so.If there is a market, there's something on the Internet, and given the size of the car, I think it's necessary to do publicity because it's 6,200 dollars a year, and 5,000 dollars is left over, like phone calls, and it's available at the click fee, and then at the professional service fee, which means, for example, there's a customer service, there's a special customer service and backstage, and there's maintenance costs.I don't think so.Just 1,200, if you don't need 1,200 for next year's second year. A little cheaper.I don't think so.It's $600, it's $600, it's $600, it's $600 for the second year, it's $600, it's $600, it's $600, it's $600, it's $500, it's $5,000, it's $5,000, it's $5,000, it's a website, it's a fee, if you don't promote it, or you don't go online, and now we're open, and I'll probably forget that I'm on the line, for example, in October or at the end of the year, and it's not about being flexible, it's about the money that you have to pay.I don't think so.You think if you think it's workable, try it first.I don't think so.Let's be honest about what we've done in the future, like the tens of thousands of dollars spent in a year when you're a second-hand car, because there is, in any case, one way or another, because our legal adviser may have been listed in the first place in 2003, then in the first place in common thinking, then in the first place, in the first place, he's been working with us, in the first place, in the second half of the year, and in the second half of the year, he's been working with us, probably in the second half of the year.I don't think so.Just say now that the company is doing what it is doing, it's doing well, like a second-hand car, and I see you have a second-hand service over here, in the bridge area, and then in June of 13, we're on the line, and next year we're on the line, and he's not on the line.I don't think so.And the second-hand car, some of which is on the trading site, would be more professional if he searched the trading site and then came in to see you, that is, if your savings were there, but not necessarily someone else, and after all, if you were to do something of your own.I don't think so.To be honest, you're a big deal, and then you hang up a phone or something on the Internet, and people may feel like they're not very trustworthy, but they're not very professional, they're not doing this, they're probably a downside thing.I don't think so.I didn't know you were a company that was supposed to do things in this market.I don't think so.You're a company, right? You're a partner? We're going to sell our own family business. How's business now? It's okay, it's okay. I think you're going that far away, but I think you can do your own website first, and then hang it on the Internet. He's probably going to see you on the phone. He's going to see you. He's going to say something.I don't think so.I didn't fix that on time, and the rate was still high. So I must have searched the Internet, and I must have found out, which means it's probably better to look like a German solution now, but it's better to keep the value safe, and then I'll turn around and find out how many people used to search the car online, start thinking about saving oil, and then fix it properly. Maybe sometimes when he said that, when you set the key, he might just jump out of your website, and then he might be interested.I don't think so.Because the keyword does not mean that only a second-hand car can be built, so you can say which brand used car, for example, the Tower used a second-hand car, or a lot of signs, or you said that the Hanan used car was a second-hand car in Wuhan City, and then we had a professional promotion, and we did it for many years, not like 36058.I don't think so.We have a special back-office system that collects information about second-hand cars, the vocabulary that you search for this week or this month, which is a lot of attention, the vocabulary that you can use to set the keywords, and then get a lot of people to search for you, and then show it more in front of people who need it online. Come on, I'm on the phone. I'll think about what you're saying.I don't think so.All right, I'll talk to you about the day you're not busy. The other place is where we have the kind of customer manager who lives in the area, and we can talk to you at the door.I don't think so.Have a good day.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Do you have a manager at Lake Liang Water and Trade Ltd.? Hi, I'd like to know if you have plans to do some outreach on the 100-degree front page.I don't think so.Not yet. When did you get your website ready?I don't think so.Yes, I see it's done because I saw your website, and I don't think about it for any reason.
text:Not yet.	labels:It's probably gonna cost you a lot of money to look at your website.
text:Can I help you?	labels:Because in a business like yours, it's also a business season. Why not think about promoting it?
text:The crabs are out of town right now, don't you know?	labels:Crabs are out of town, but you shouldn't have done this website for too long. Don't you have any other products at a later stage?I don't think so.Yes, while other products can also be promoted online, the second half of the food season is a full season.
text:How do you upload it?	labels:How do you advertise it? Your clients search your product and they can see your website.
text:How do you charge?	labels:We have a reserve of $5,000 and a service fee of 1,200 at the rate of effective access.
text:That's 6500,6200,6200.	labels:Right.
text:For how long?	labels:The price is different depending on your keyword. Like some industries, it may run out of $5,000 a month, some industries can use six months and some can use three months, depending on your industry, because if you tell me about your products in the second half of the year, I can't find it.
text:Over time.	labels:What are you doing in the second half of the year?
text:Delta fish, Liang Lake fish.	labels:The Liangzi Lake fish? It's indigenous, right? You have the plan for the second half of the year, and you're not far from it, or we'll have a trade manager to talk to you tomorrow.
text:What interview?	labels:We're going to take one of your plans, because you're going to do a lot of it in 100 degrees, like you're doing a big gate crab.
text:Maybe in a few days, I'm right now.	labels:There's no time in these two days.I don't think so.Where have you been these two days?
text:In Wuhan? In Wuhan too?	labels:This won't take too long. We used to take you along with a program that you followed, according to your situation, and we'll give you an extension program that belongs to you. I see that your website is made of Chinese motivation. It should cost you a lot of money. It's too bad you don't do it for a good website like yours, isn't it?
text:So say it again next Monday next week in a few days.	labels:Is your company that way? The Lakeview Hotel, right?
text:I want to know how you know how to know this phone.	labels:Isn't that on the website?I don't think so.I saw your site that was pretty beautiful, attracted me, and then I saw a contact card down there.
text:How do you know my last name is Yo?	labels:We also have a system on our side that can see you. Your contact contacted us.I don't think so.Right?I don't think so.You see you're out there right now? Yes, if you want a car, we won't be here too long tomorrow morning. That'll help you later, won't it?
text:What time tomorrow afternoon?	labels:Tomorrow afternoon you'll see, uh, is it convenient at 2:00?
text:Yeah. If you don't, call me in advance. I don't know if there's time.	labels:Are you going to the office tomorrow morning?
text:I'm in the store.	labels:You're in the store? You're not in the store tomorrow morning, you're not far from us tomorrow morning, you're in the store.I don't think so.Yes, we'll be here tomorrow at 10 a.m.
text:Why don't you come over and let me know?	labels:Is your cell number on the back of your website?
text:That's my boss.	labels:Sir, you have to leave me a cell phone number so I can contact you.
text:Okay, I'll leave a number.	labels:You say: 131326056605657575750757575757560605657? Okay, I'll make arrangements with you later. You're mostly indigenous. Fish are popular in the second half of the year. Right?
text:Mainly speaking of course.	labels:I know I want it first, but I can't tell you I'm going to know if I need to know your situation before I can fuck with you.I don't think so.The second half of the year is popular, so I'm going to be at the Lakeview Hotel tomorrow at 10 a.m. and that's the eight-way trip, right?
text:What time is it?	labels:10:00 to 10:00.
text:Can't come at 2:00 in the afternoon.	labels:At 2 p.m., because you said you were here this morning. You said you might not be here this afternoon, right?I don't think so.2 p.m., right?
text:I mean, if you're coming, I'll ask you to call me in advance. I'll tell you if I have time, if you don't have time, before you come to me. That's bad.	labels:You have to open a shop tomorrow morning.
text:I am.	labels:You're too early for business.
text:11 a.m.	labels:11 a.m., 11 a.m., I'll check the address with you. It's 81st. The Lakeview Hotel is right across the street. Am I getting out of the car all the way to the 8th?
text:One stop to the lake heart. Where are you? Now we...	labels:The company is in Longlong Island, Jiangxia.
text:It's only now that you can take the subway to Hungshan Square.	labels:Right?
text:There's an eight-way entrance to Nakayama Square, so you can come straight over here for about 10 minutes.	labels:You're 10 minutes from the subway, aren't you?
text:It's a personal walk out of a exit and you can come all the way.	labels:It's a good book opening.I don't think so.I'll get ready for you, and then I'll get you a client manager for your profession.
text:It's okay if it's okay.	labels:All right, Mr. Yao, you'll be busy. Our client manager will make arrangements. He'll call you at 7:00 p.m., okay? Wednesday night.I don't think so.Okay.	episode_done:True
text:Mr. Wong, my name is Kang. I'm here to see you. I'm here to see you. I'm here to call you. I'm Jiang. I'm Jiang.	labels:Give me a call, because your call here says I don't know. I don't understand. You're the manager who introduced you, right?
text:Yeah, but I don't know if it's convenient for me to say that.	labels:There's something on the phone that says I don't know.
text:You can know Hong Bo, Nakaseng and the building materials.	labels:Naka Hong.
text:Bo is looking at me. Hold on a second. He's a Smic tile maker. He's in friendship.	labels:Not a place.
text:I know I think he's making tiles, but it's definitely different, right? He's on Friendship Avenue.	labels:This one's over there, right? In the direction of Wuchang, we're close to Wuchang.
text:And then, like a championship tile, that's the Chinese brand tile.	labels:I know.
text:What I've just told you is that there's definitely more than two of us working together, but these two are in Wuhan, and I think he'll be closer.	labels:Right.
text:The UCPN-M had not signed yet, as he had taken the general agent of the entire Hubei province.I don't think so.And now he's open, and the new store is on Red Star's way, and when it's done, it's 100 degrees, because I'm following up.	labels:What does it do to 100 degrees?
text:To put it simply, he's trying to get to know some of your intended clients, or to say he doesn't know which tile, and he's just talking about the tile, right?I don't think so.Or tiles, when you buy them, he searches them, and if your company works with us to promote them, one of your companies' official networks says that all websites containing one of your company's products will jump directly to the 100th page. For example, because I haven't worked with you for six months, I say Wuhan quit for six months, and I want to buy them for six months, right? The result is Smik tiles, and then the Wuhansmik tile says he chooses the building material of Hung Bo, which he wrote.I don't think so.Yeah, well, one of the advantages of advertising is that someone else is looking for this one because he must have the word tiles. When someone searches this one, your network jumps directly to the front page of the form, so you can see your website with your client. If he has further contact, then he can contact you. If he doesn't, he will remember you at the time of the browsing, and we'll show you this first page to raise brand visibility and to promote direct contact with you by your client, and then come up with a conversation that goes further, and then make a deal.	labels:What's the charge anyway?
text:I'd really like to ask you, if you're talking about the whole publicity, you don't usually use it yourself, or say something.	labels:I'm looking for things and I'm going to put them on the floor.
text:That's the case. So it's a very popular platform, and our equipment is, like, a 100-degree service fee of 1,200 a year, which will maintain one of your web sites backstage, and it's your website, which I don't think I've just received.	labels:We don't have a website.
text:Are you the one who makes the decision on this piece?	labels:We're doing business instead of saying I'm doing it one by one.
text:The key is that no such extension has taken place.	labels:I don't know what's good about it.
text:We can talk about it, because we have a market I don't know about.	labels:It's a big market, and I sometimes say, you make a brand, people come looking for publicity, and he doesn't have a problem with you.
text:I'm saying this because I think you're here because Mr. Wang introduced you, and I don't think you're going to say where you're going, and I'm going to have a subjective judgment, right?I don't think so.You're here today, right? Look at me asking our manager to talk to you first, and that doesn't preclude you from doing it, right? But you must have talked about it before you know it. You have any problems, because I'm a friend of Mr. Wang's, and he told me that it's a matter for me to talk to you. After we've talked about it before, we'll be able to do it for the second and third time. Because I'm trying to remind me of my sincerity and my service attitude.I don't think so.If you look at your side, what time will it take?	labels:It's 10 minutes and a half. It's right here.
text:I'll send you a message first. My name is Yangjiang.	labels:All right, all right.
text:I'd like you to take care of the bank. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is this the wise side?	labels:Yes.
text:I'd like to ask you if your company will consider doing a company campaign through our 100-degree platform in the near future.	labels:Uh, Ben, where are you?
text:We're the Muhan Bai Hubei General Agent, specializing in 100-degree promotions, and we've had our colleagues contact you before, and we'll be back on the 5th to see if you have any need for this in your economy.	labels:You're talking about Internet outreach, aren't you?
text:Yeah, do the keyword search, and then we have a flow of information, we have pictures to promote, and then there are other products that might be more suitable for you.	labels:I'm probably going to do a web extension, but I'm driving now, and I'm driving tomorrow.
text:Do you have a minute?I don't think so.If you do this, we'll have some time to talk, because we did contact you many times before.	labels:They're all here this day.
text:When are you going back to Wuhan?	labels:When are you going back to Wuhan?
text:It's a very good thing for me to say to you that we're here at the market department, and if you think about it, I can talk to you about it myself, and I'm a very senior customer manager who knows it very well.	labels:I should be on Monday on weekends.
text:Can I have a date with you this weekend?I don't think so.Saturday? We'll sit somewhere. Weekends. For about half an hour, you can apply for 100 degrees.	labels:Saturday weekends.
text:It's around 11:00 in the morning. Can you see?	labels:Because I'm supposed to have a couple of friends over this weekend. I'm not sure.
text:Anyway, I'll make a call on Friday to check it out, okay?	labels:Call Friday to confirm.
text:That's what I thought about your confirmation of the weekend.	labels:Or Monday just Monday.
text:Okay, are you going to do this lately?	labels:I might be doing the right thing lately.
text:What's your company's product? I've just searched the main product, and it doesn't seem like there's a lot of records on the Internet, and it's like there's a lot going on.	labels:The drone.I don't think so.The second is drone training.
text:Drone training your company's name is Conference, right?	labels:Yeah.
text:Okay, okay, okay. I'll ask you about your cell number next Monday. Is that a micro signal?	labels:What's that? Is that what you're doing?
text:We'll do everything for you. If we can't do it, we can do it for your friends. We're looking for Wuhan's official company. Don't worry, my name is Mauri. I can handle this later, if you have any questions.	labels:All right, Monday. All right.
text:Take it in now. I'm sure you'll pass through. This number 1869 is a micro signal, right?	labels:Right.
text:All right, all right.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Who's always Chen? Hello, I've been in touch with you before.	labels:Something about me.
text:Look, it's mostly packing. Do you have plans for extension? Put your business on 100 degrees to pick up the list. Is that a good trade?	labels:How do you promote it?
text:You're mostly packing wholesales, box wrapping or something.	labels:Paperbox box, huh?
text:Paperboxes? That's the case. You see some wholesalers, right? Or you say they'll search through us 100 degrees to see where there are people who do this kind of business, right?I don't think so.That's when we're going to put you through the keyword, and then I'm going to put your company on our 100-degree front page and show you free of charge.I don't think so.See, and then click on him. You get an online deal with him, right? That's when we charge you a fee, you know? You bring a lot of potential clients to your side, and they're very precise. Did you know 100 degrees before?	labels:Cost is good enough to take care of us long ago. What's the effect?
text:Who says it doesn't work, why is everyone packing in a good business like yours doing it here, if it's not good?	labels:You can't do that, can you?I don't think so.Check out what we did to you in the last few years.
text:You've been our old client for over a year.	labels:We didn't do anything after that year, and now you've got what you want to do by clicking, and you've got a better charge for that deal.
text:Here's the thing, because we want to, but it's a 100-degree rule, isn't it?I don't think so.If I'm saying it's a non-compliant fee based on the volume of the transaction, we're primarily advertising potential clients on your side, and it's a show and a click on the ad, you know?	labels:The next time you arrive, you'll always see it at a certain point, and you won't see it either.
text:So, you can see how many people have clicked on you, and what keyword did he find you with? So then we'll do a flow analysis, and then we'll deliver it to you every month, and you can see that these things are visible, and we can open the account cheap. Do you want to do it?	labels:How much do you charge for your loan now?
text:You don't have a website now, do you? Your company doesn't have a website now, does it?	labels:It's got to be early.
text:Wait a minute. I'll check if there's a website, if there's any website, if there's any site, I'll ask you to do some activities and send two websites to your company, right?	labels:Just one phone end, you search Qingzhou, Yongchang wrapping.
text:Right? There's only one list of businesses, which is not.	labels:I know I didn't know it was closed a long time ago, right?
text:To redecorate the site.	labels:It was a long time ago.
text:If you do not have a website, you will be sent a mobile website, a PC-based website, and a combination of the two sites will amount to more than $3,000, which will be given to you free of charge.I don't think so.If you look like someone else on the website, you look like you're doing two sites outside. If you do a little bit, it'll cost you thousands of dollars, and we're saying we can give it to you.	labels:Now you're doing an interview on it for as much as it costs.
text:If we're going to promote it now, it's a service fee of 2400, plus an advance of $5,000 on your side, and you can save $8,000 in your business, which is equivalent to 7,400.	labels:It didn't work out for you.
text:That's right, you say.	labels:You have a friend at 12 p.m., and you see there's a horse sitting up there, wrapped up in Wuhan Salt City.
text:Salt City packing, huh?	labels:The next 100 degrees, it's by clicking on you for a fee, you see which one did it.
text:Which is the salt town of Wuhan? Which is the salt city of which is the salt city.	labels:Salt is the salt of a few burning words.
text:Do you have three fires? Yeah, well, I'll look for them later. I'll look for them. I'm not looking for them.	labels:The city's salt city packed, the city's city, the city's city.
text:It's a city wrapper, right? I'll see how it works. I'll make it better for you, won't I?	labels:He's also on 100 degrees. He's on every website.
text:I saw them, honest with them, doing what we did on our 100-degree promotional website, and I looked at how it did, and it did well on it.	labels:Yes.
text:Salt City New Paper, huh?	labels:Salt City printed material.
text:It's new paper, isn't it? Paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper, paper.	labels:Packaging along the city is also packaged.
text:They're doing great. Do you want to do it here?	labels:He said your company was over there.
text:Yes, we do it in Wuhan. Where else can he do it in Wuhan? I look at Salt City packaging, and their company's website is doing well. No wonder his company's business is doing so well. His website is so good.	labels:When he got to his website, he wasn't as expensive as you were talking about.
text:Isn't it that high? Well, we're a 2400 service fee plus a $5,000 advance of $7,400.	labels:Today is how long it takes to know.
text:How long will it take? 7,400 is a year's fee. I'm not telling you $5,000 is a reserve. 5,000 is a month's allowance, depending on the setup on your side.I don't think so.If you spend $1,500, you can spend $2,000 a month, depending on the budget of your side, and then, depending on what you do, you can pay a thousand dollars a month, a thousand dollars a month, or 5,000 dollars a month, or almost six months.	labels:You pay more.
text:A little less than a year.	labels:What does that mean? It's a monthly payment for operations.
text:You don't have to say 2400.I don't think so.2400 is what we're saying, for example, that you have a client on your side. Some wholesaler, right? He needs you for this stuff. He needs a box or a color box or it's custom-made. He'll find you on the Internet to work with him, so we can charge you a fee.I don't think so.And then 2400 means we're going to have some information on the wholesaler, and he says he's going to have some data on him, that's his phone number? Their address, the contact details, and then we're going to make a statement, and we're going to share it with you.I don't think so.Once a month, and I'll give it to you. This is a time to accumulate potential clients, isn't it?	labels:I heard what you said. You still have to charge me when people come looking for me, don't you?
text:You see, I've been looking for you before who you were. You forgot my last name.	labels:When did you find me?
text:When I was last year, my last name was Xiaoqin.	labels:Where's it from?
text:You know what I'm doing here?	labels:Where are you from?
text:We, the 100-degree Jiangxia Long Island, are the only agents in Lake North.	labels:Where's the North Gate? Did you contact me last year?
text:The best place to go is to do the 100% promotion.	labels:Know where you are.
text:North Gate.	labels:In my own words, where do you belong?
text:I don't understand what you mean.	labels:I asked you where you belong.
text:It's Wuhan's.	labels:You've contacted me wrong last year.
text:I am Wuhan's.	labels:I know when you contacted me last year.
text:You were contacted last December and November.I don't think so.Yes, my name is Joo-jin. I haven't passed your cell phone number before. And you haven't. I've been in touch with you, yes. Last year we opened the account at 8400, plus another 13009,700 dollars for the package and the website.	labels:Salt City, what did he say on that website?
text:The website's for you, the website's for free, and the site's for him through you.	labels:He's trying to charge for the client's order in this case.
text:He did it, he did it. We're the same as him. You're gonna do it like him, aren't you?I don't think so.That's what we're doing. He's doing good. He's doing good.	labels:Do you need to operate?
text:No, I'm not telling you you paid a service fee of 2,400. The service fee is that we have a customer service to help you maintain your account, okay?I don't think so.If you have someone on your side to maintain the account, our service will maintain the account for you, and you will only be responsible for, for example, a flight or a cell phone with a number, which means that some customers will call you directly and call you directly through the key words of your key word products, or the key words of your business, and then you will call you directly. You will just pick up the list, and we will be responsible for maintaining the account.	labels:Do you want to make money? I know. You send the cross-section of the rock to my micro-mail, and I'll see if it's true.
text:I'm sure you won't pass.	labels:I'll pass again.
text:How about this phone number? I'll add you again. You'll pass later. You remember my name is Joo and my name is Zhu Qin.	labels:You give your name back to you.
text:No big name, no big name, no small name.	labels:How can I remember you if you don't send it to me?
text:My name is Xiao Xiao Xiao, you said you were on the website and you asked me to do it later, so I'll just come straight to me if there's any problems later.	labels:So I've been contacted by several people this week, and there's a company in our new state, yes.
text:There's a branch in your heart. You're going to do 100 degrees. You're going to do it at HQ, aren't you?I don't think so.I'll help you with some of the service. I'll help you with some of the maintenance. I'll do it later. I'll do it later. I'll do it later.I don't think so.You must have told me.	labels:There are two times we've been in touch with me in the past year, so...
text:You're saying that the salesman is in Lianzhou, and I'm in the neighborhood.	labels:Yellow.
text:It's leather.	labels:Thirty-five minutes of gold.
text:Look, Mr. Chen, I'll add your letter to my last name, Chu. You remember last year when I added you, you never greeted me with your best wishes, okay?I don't think so.Let me ask you something. I'll talk to you in a few days, or when you'll come to our company to talk about business. Why don't you come over and talk to me? Let's have a look at our company.	labels:Then I'll see if you're gonna send me the punishment, and I'll see if the rock layer is yours.
text:Okay, I'll mark it up and show you.	labels:Cut it off.
text:Mr. Chen, when do you have time to come to our company for tea?	labels:I'll see if you get a discount on that fee.
text:I'll send it to you if you like, okay?	labels:I don't have to come to your company. Not after that.
text:It's a credit transfer, isn't it? It's good, isn't it?I don't think so.That's the way it is now.	labels:This Hanguchi can also meet.
text:Right? You have a company in Hanguchi. What's the name of Hanguchi's company?	labels:There's an office on the other side of 276.
text:On the 27th, on the 2nd stage of the desk, your factory is in the new state, and the company at the office is doing business here at Panguchi. You're close to Hanguchi. Why don't you come to Hanguchi?	labels:Hanguchi's on top of your company?
text:Our company used to be pretty close to Jiangxia Pass.	labels:I know there's a branch on Hanguchi's side.
text:We're not in Hanguchi. We're in Peking. We're in Wuhan.I don't think so.It's all fake. You have to believe me.	labels:How can I trust you? I want to trust you.
text:Well, that's for sure, so if I add your message, you can send that website to you if you have time to read it tomorrow, and if I have a client outside tomorrow, I'll just go over there and talk to you, okay?	labels:So just send it to me.
text:Okay, I'll let you pass. You'll be busy.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, are you from the Hualong decorations?	labels:I don't have 100 degrees of Internet here.
text:I'm sorry to bother you, but I've been visiting you recently to ask if you remember Ms. Sun if there's a previous colleague who contacted you about the promotion?	labels:What are you, 100 degrees?
text:Yes, I'd like to ask you if you've been thinking about making the Internet more widely available.	labels:The last time I got in touch with a family, I thought he said he'd take it more than he did.
text:We can't have 100 degrees on our side. What are you in touch with?	labels:You have another company.
text:A company is 58 or a touba rabbit or something? No, 360 or so. So, we're a 100-degree company. Unlike you, we're doing a web extension, a website.I don't think so.Search the decorations, and then you can put the information on your website on it. A colleague must have contacted you before, because you appear in our record.	labels:Ain't you here lately.
text:Are you thinking about making the network work, because I've seen the decorative industry compete more this year, haven't I?I don't think so.Yeah, because there are more start-ups now, and then maybe I'm in the decorating business because my dad's in the decorating business, and I think the decorating industry's more profitable.	labels:So there's no way this business is going to work if you roll it out.
text:Here's what we're going to do. Do you know the cost model? If you don't know the cost, the pattern, we're going to ask you if you have your own website?I don't think so.If the user thinks he's interested in clicking in, he's going to do the renovation, and he's going to click on us to charge a fee. That's right.	labels:Fees.
text:Competing rankings mean that we have a fair emission reduction name, that is, because there is only one because of the number one, and then we say that whoever, except for a slightly higher price, will be in the front.	labels:I was watching it on the Internet the other day.
text:You said it was a spleen. You said I wanted to ask you how you feel about all the news.	labels:I think you guys still have something to lie about, so we can look for some provinces, and we can look up some water tanks and click on them.
text:You know, you've been working with us a hundred times, and it's a very small company registered in Shenzhen, and I remember that it was registered at first, like $2 million, and then it's basically a 100-degree ad, and then it's bigger.I don't think so.And now we're working together 100 degrees, and he's definitely the first person you're looking for on 100 degrees.I don't think so.You said the rabbit eight was a renovation, our class website.	labels:Right.
text:It works with us 100 degrees, and if it hits this site for a day, it's around 22,000 to 3,000, and if we spend it on a day, we have no malice, we have no malware on our side, which means we're going to give our clients a function of calling up, that's the same IP, which means, like you said, I'm on a website, I'm on a spot, I'm on a spot, and it's definitely a bad click, so if he doesn't want this service, there's definitely a way to avoid it, we've got a town function, that's a 15-minute window, and this client can only click on me once or twice.	labels:I might as well get a prescription client to do it. Why do you have to do this?
text:You're a channel for sudden-onsets, but why do sudden-onsets work with us? What is the platform for sudden-onsets?I don't think so.Let me give you a brief introduction to the fact that the suddenness is a 100-degree split between us, that is to say, by searching for the redecorating, then searching for the redecorating, then finding the suddenness, and then moving into the suddenness, that the suddenness has moved some of our redecorating industries to him, that you don't choose to compete directly with our sudden error, and that if you cooperate with us, why do you choose to compete directly with the merchants in the sudden-onset rabbits?I don't think so.As far as I'm concerned, there's a fixed project on the other side of the rough rabbit, and then he's got to be 100% of us, basically 100% of us, and then he's got these fixed works, and then he's given you innovative companies, like an engineering 10 company, and then he's got a low price, and then he's got to do it, and it's this pattern, and you don't know it.	labels:I don't get it.
text:For them, a very low price, which means that your side's profit is very low, because it's going to give a lot of companies, and it's going to give you a steady source, but if he's doing it for your side's profit, I think you're better off holding yourself, because we're here to get your client directly, because I've signed a lot of decorating companies, Hanguchi City Square has a conference space set up at the end of 15th year, and I'm going to move here, and I don't know if Mr. Wu knows that he's not so famous, he's doing it at 100 degrees, and you should search his advertising slots now.I don't think so.Do you think Mr. Cheung is interested in our promotion? Are you free for this afternoon? Where is your company? Can I come over and talk to you about this?	labels:No, I'm fine.
text:That's why.	labels:It's not ready yet.
text:No, if I come over here, you're on Helen Avenue.	labels:Right?
text:I've been there a lot of times. There's a nice house on the 20th floor of society called Andre, and there's a little bit of cable, isn't there?I don't think so.I've been to the 20th floor. We've worked together a hundred times, you know?I don't think so.So we're still working on it, or we're not going to be working on it. We can all work together, can we?	labels:I don't know if it's working.
text:You can ask them, they're on the 20th floor of the Church of the People, and there's another one called Anesthetist, what's the matter? What's the number one shelter?	labels:Call 20, uh, 20th floor we know.
text:The 20th floor is called a home number one, and there's a liner, and there's another name? I forgot. I've been there a few times.I don't think so.Have you thought about doing some publicity on the Internet? Because it's a little better now that you're in the redecorating industry, because it's a dead list if you just go back to your old acquaintances, and it's certainly good for your company to do some on the Internet if you're unstable?	labels:On the line, I think there's more at home.
text:Yeah. You can dress up at home.	labels:I feel very little.
text:Are you doing the costumes or the costumes? Are you doing the costumes? Are you doing the costumes or not?I don't think so.I don't have to say if you're going to open 100 of our accounts, if you have a website, 7200 dollars, 1,200 dollars, $6,000 a year for your services, if you get 1,000 dollars in our 100 degrees.	labels:How many times do you pay for a dollar's hits?
text:How many times do you report it? I'd say you're more competitive in the renovation industry, and the cost of a hit on the front page is around $4 to $5.	labels:Just four to five dollars a time.
text:It's true that your intended clients click on you because your business is a big one, because it's a lot bigger now, because how do you catch your intended client, how do you catch you like a client, and then they all want to say that every company wants to handle a client online?I don't think so.If you don't know if there's a computer around us right now, if there's a computer, if there's one you can search for, or if there's one you can use, or if there's one you can use, or if there's one you can use, then the key word might be a little less, maybe a little less expensive. Can I see it for you? You want to know what the price of the key word is, which one you want to make if you do a hundred?	labels:The point is, I don't know what to do right now.
text:If it's not for you, just make a key word. If it's not for you, it's for you. If it's for you, it's for you. If it's for you, it's for you.	labels:That way I find a lot of homes using that key word of yours.
text:I'm sure it's for work. How do I rank it?I don't think so.The ranking is based on the quality of your creativity, and the other is the price.	labels:How do you know the price is reasonable or what? We're on our side.
text:It's fair to say that you're the first to rank first, and the second to rank first. How to distinguish between the first and the second, for example, if I give three dollars, you give four dollars, then four is a bit more than three, and then four is the first.I don't think so.And if you think it's fair to say that you're number one, you're number one, you're number four, you're number one, right? If it's not, you're losing four. I'm sure you're not so short-minded if you're the boss.	labels:I'll think about it. I didn't know I was going to look into it.
text:You're thinking about the effect.	labels:I'll do it later.
text:Yeah, we're gonna think it's all working.	labels:And then there's a lot of loss ahead, and I don't know what I'm telling you.
text:There's gotta be something to do with the ads. You say I went to see my client yesterday and saw Wuhan have an Inang-nam ad on the subway. What do you think of that ad?I don't think so.He must have spent hundreds of thousands of dollars on advertising. Have you noticed this?	labels:No observation.
text:And then it was really good, and I looked at all of its commercials on the subway, and I thought it was better because we're doing all the commercials on the subway, because if we're doing all the ads, you don't put a client on the subway, and we're doing a 100-degree search, so it's just for your intended client, you spend your money on your knife, but I don't know if I can guarantee it. If I can only guarantee that you'll be consulted, and that you'll be consulted about what you're going to do, it'll depend on your company's strength if I don't do it with you.I don't think so.There's still some negotiation skills, isn't there?	labels:Right?
text:Because I don't need to renovate through the Internet search engine, I don't need to renovate, I need flowers, I need flowers, I need flowers, I need to renovate, I'm going to search online, and I'm going to look in the first house, I'm going to look in the second house, I'm going to call in, I'm going to look in the second house, I'm going to check the price, or I'm going online, and I'm going to check the plaque or something, and then I'm going to go to the end, because it's a big deal, and I'm going to choose which one to work with, you know? And a little bit, we're going to help you raise your brand profile, and I'm going to look at your company, and I've been doing it for a long time, right?I don't think so.It has been more than a decade since its establishment in 99 years.I don't think so.If you know what you're doing in Wuhan, you may know it, if you should know it all, if you know it. So we can help you raise your brand profile by doing it, and then, for example, if you search McDonald's for something that's yellow and red, then you don't have to think about McDonald's. If you see red and yellow, you'll think that McDonald's is something that means that some people are searching for it, that he doesn't actually have you, that he sees the company's name, that he's got an invisible impression that gives you the brand's visibility, that's the other one, that we can give you a 100-degree reputation, and that two can bring you potential customers, which is two advantages for us.	labels:Think about it first.
text:Ms. Wang has another service on our side, which means you don't know about the Enterprise's encyclopedia, because, like you've been decorating for so long, I think the Enterprise's encyclopedia is quite appropriate for you, which means that the people who know your company have been searching through us, because you must be sure that many of your colleagues already know your company, and then you've been searching through the People's Encyclopedia, and then you put your company's encyclopedia in the first advertising slot, and there's some company information about you, like you, and now you're searching Hal, and you're calling the Enterprise encyclopedia, which is a fixed charge for 6998 a year.	labels:Mm-hmm.
text:I feel as strong as you.	labels:Some centimeters and encyclopedias are two platforms.
text:Centuries. Centuries is one of our products. Encyclopedia is called Enterprise-to-Business Encyclopedia.	labels:Let's say you all charge separately.
text:Separate, but a 100-degree encyclopedia is a prerequisite for you to turn on our search engine, which means I just recommended 7200.I don't think so.Yes, if you look at your side, I think you have a lot of problems. If you ask for an appointment this afternoon, it's not that you have to cooperate with us. I'm trying to solve a lot of problems because I feel like I'm talking to you on the phone, right? If you're on Hanyang's side, I'm not very far from you.	labels:Can I talk to you about this? It doesn't matter where you are.
text:We're doing business here. We're running around anyway.I don't think so.Don't think I'm here to sign it. I'm here to help you solve your problems.	labels:You're looking for one I'd like to find so.
text:I'm here this afternoon to say I called first at 100 degrees, so I'm in the renovation business. I'll call him. I'll call him back and ask him how it works.I don't think so.He did a lot of talking, and then he had contact, and I hit him. I asked him how it worked. I said I was back at the office. What do you think? What's your address?	labels:Hanguchi.I don't think so.I'm not coming with you, I'm in a hurry to find someone who's better at it, and he's going to clean it up for me. I can't say you're 100 degrees, and then I'm going to talk to you and talk to you.
text:As a matter of fact, if I come over here, I'd like to help you solve some of your problems with us 100 degrees, as well as the price, because I'm here to help you solve this problem, if you don't understand how this price is ranked.	labels:So the question is, if you say who gives the bid rankings more money, who can count ahead.
text:One mass, not just price, one quality, one quality, this way.	labels:How do you judge by what criteria?
text:The brightness is an idea about your company, for example, that you're searching 100 degrees now. The advertising language is different, you know? Then it's equivalent to a quality, and if you do well in your advertising, we'll give priority to putting it on the 100-degree front page.I don't think so.For example, the first thing you've been searching for is e-commerce, right? And then, basically, the Touba Rabbit's words have been read and worked with us for a long time, 77 months, and he's been working with you here, and he's working with us to click on a bribe, and if we can't bring him a client, I'm sure he's not that stupid, and he's been working with us all the time?I don't think so.There's also a popular network that works with us as a micro-businessman, and we're just like you, like a businessman, and he's signed a contract with us, and then clicks on how much it cost.I don't think so.Look at us think about it.	labels:I'll think about it first.
text:Can you see the day after tomorrow? Can I call you back the day after tomorrow, Ms. Zhang?	labels:The day after tomorrow has no time.
text:I'll call you back when you're free.	labels:Let's do it. Let's do it.
text:I need to know when you're ready. I'll give you a call before it's too late, right?	labels:You didn't call me.
text:Why don't you call me on Saturday? Why don't you ask me any more questions?I don't think so.If you're done solving all your problems, you're not going to think about the next step, working with you is going to be the next step, then you're going to solve all your problems, right?	labels:Okay.
text:I'm sorry for the delay.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hi, you're from Mid-Custom Literary Technology? Hi, I'm from Wuhan Bedu, and I'd like to consult you about the company's business this year, if you're thinking about setting up an official website for the company.	labels:Ready to get there.
text:You're working on the site, right? I mean, you're working on the site, right?	labels:We haven't got one in time yet. It's a big list.
text:It's a lot more business, isn't it? You're like you're busy. You'll do it when you're done, right?	labels:There's also the idea.
text:So, like your side, do you know about the funding of the site and a detailed model of the Internet extension of the site?	labels:There's a basic understanding that we are.
text:A colleague called you earlier, didn't he?	labels:Has anyone called?
text:That's what we're doing, like we're doing a marketing campaign this month, and you're planning to do it. If we're busy these past two days, let's see if there's time to go to your company on Monday to tell you more about the site.	labels:What do you charge for it?
text:Let me tell you, are we going to divide this part of the story between you and the site, or do you want to do a hundred-degree marketing when it's ready?	labels:Make a representative on the website and promote marketing.
text:It's on the platform.	labels:Business license, huh? This thing just needs a basic introduction. The scope of operations, right?
text:Right.	labels:But the main thing is marketing.
text:And so, all I see is this one of us, which is now the five-continental neutral energy-efficient technology company, and then on the Internet you're sending a project on logistics, and I don't know what kind of service we're focusing on.	labels:No, now that we're in a five-star hotel, this is where all the logistics come in, isn't it?
text:You're in charge, aren't you?	labels:He's doing it here because it's energy-efficient technology.
text:The outer walls keep warm, huh, uh, one board,	labels:From synthesis to construction, there's hot water, solar energy, uh, design.
text:That's right, isn't it?I don't think so.Because I see less information on your company's web site, only your contact and a related logistics post, and it's not working. Yeah, so I don't know what you're doing, and that's one of our models, so let me tell you, when one of your potential clients needs a project like this, we'll search for a key word like this in your supply unit, right?I don't think so.At a later stage, if you cooperate with 100%, we will link your company's website priority chain to the first page of the 100% search, so that when you need our business, your client can visit your website for specific information, and then if he finds that your company's product is more suitable for his needs, you will be called or contacted online for business talks.	labels:Many of the materials we bought were searched online and contacted the company.
text:Yeah, it's the same as your needs, so let's say you're looking for one of his needs in one way or another, right?	labels:This is the trend.
text:Yes, because it's easier to use on the Internet now, including if you have a better understanding of them first and a comparison of the quality of one of our products and his price with yours, right?I don't think so.And then you don't know what we're talking about.I don't think so.I'll tell you what we just told you, the company is doing a corresponding marketing campaign, and the website and outreach can be packed together.I don't think so.So we're all going to have to spend $3 to $5,000 on a website, like you're doing a 100-degree extension, and you're going to have to spend $188 to build an independent website, including space, domain names, and a whole year's maintenance service.	labels:How much for this? 1888.
text:The cost of this site is basically for you at cost, so it's also for now.	labels:Everyone can do it. I can do it myself. This site, if it's high or low.
text:You'll do the website yourself. You're a professional. That's the case. The 100% promotion is divided into a pre-deposit deposit plus a one-year service fee, depending on the client's advertising cycle and intensity. We have 5,000, 10,000, 20,000 and 50,000 pre-positioned. Look what kind of ad package you're looking for later on, and the money is still in your promotion account, and then you can find a supply unit like you when your potential client searches our outer walls to keep warm, and then say that your client's demand is interested in making a detailed understanding of your product for successful access to your website. Bringing such a customer to your website, we'll deduct the corresponding advertising fee from the pre-depository $5,000, which is the model.	labels:How the hell did you pull that off?
text:I'll give you a simple example. You know, when you call, dial the number, it's like we show you the ad, right?I don't think so.There's no charge, there's no charge. If you don't answer the phone, you say you've got a visit to your website for details, and then we've got a detailed look at your information, and we're going to pay you a fee to get through to your phone. That's a good reason, right?I don't think so.Yes, and then our words are based on the number of IP visits.	labels:It should be reasonable, right.
text:Which means...I don't think so.That means that when you need an IP address for your client, you search for the IP address based on his IP address, you search your information today and visit your website, and then 100% access your website for specific information before the fee is deducted from $5,000, as is the case.I don't think so.Like do.	labels:You say, for example, how many times do I receive 10 visits from this website or how much do I receive at one time?
text:Yes, once, the lowest price of access is 50 cents, and on the first page we have 18 places for information. Of course, the higher the number of visits to the previous location and the client's intentions, the higher the price of his single visit is 50 cents, the higher the cost, and you can set it up on your own backstage.	labels:I haven't listened to him yet.
text:That's what I heard. I looked at your office and it's close to our company, right? It's also here at Jiangxia Fong School of Economics. I see you left it.	labels:This site is in.
text:Your company, where do you usually work?	labels:New world at the street entrance.
text:Phoenix International. You'll see if you're with the company on Monday. If you're with the company, because it's not very clear on the phone. If you're with the company on Monday, we can arrange for a senior customer manager to bring in information about this piece of the product and meet and communicate with you in detail, okay?I don't think so.Because that's not going to take you a long time, and we have plans to do this, so you can understand this first, and if you think it's the right one, we can talk to you later, right? Do you have time for Monday?	labels:My time here on Monday is too much, and it is not up to me to decide.
text:I understand you should rest tomorrow, like you said on your side.	labels:Not resting.
text:So busy? You don't have time for this tomorrow, and it won't take you a long time to talk about it, like, half an hour or so, like this.I don't think so.Let's see if you can arrange it tomorrow, and then we can do it because Peng Cheng International has a customer manager who'll be there tomorrow.	labels:Over there, I'm there now, but I rarely go there.
text:It's usually above the construction site, isn't it?	labels:On the site, because all the material on the side of the Emperor is going this way, isn't it?
text:The shipment's here, isn't it?	labels:It's a million-million-dollar card coming here, like this.
text:Are you working at the School of Economics?	labels:Not in the Economics House. Yeah, that's supposed to be it.
text:Every branch is at Jiangxia's, isn't it?	labels:Yes.
text:By the New City on Lake Mika?	labels:Ooh-ooh.
text:Our company is also in Longlong Island in Gwangxiu Valley. Do you know that?	labels:I live near Long Island. Really.
text:Do you live in Phoenix Gardens?	labels:No, I thought we had a house at the School of Economics today.
text:Our company is at the School of Economics, uh, right across from the 100th Supermarket in Phoenix and the 100th Supermarket in Violet Star, you know?	labels:Yvonne said it was really necessary to go to the company, yes.
text:You can come to our company.	labels:Says there's someone at night?
text:Tonight, isn't it?	labels:You see the night starts tomorrow, the day after tomorrow, and we can do it today.
text:Why don't you meet me at your place? Okay, where do you live tomorrow? Tell me.	labels:I'm in the economy of economics.
text:How many units are there?	labels:Seventeen.
text:Seventeen.	labels:One 501114 one one 501.
text:501 is it? 501 is good. Does that mean you're the owner of the company or the network manager of the company?	labels:I'm the chairman.
text:You're the thing to say.	labels:My wife's the chairman, okay.
text:Your wife should be home, too.	labels:The wife should be here too.I don't think so.Here's the deal. I'll talk to you later and we'll definitely try to do it. That's for sure. Let's see when it's done.
text:You can do that. You have time tomorrow night. Tomorrow afternoon's around the clock.	labels:Why don't you make a call tomorrow?
text:I know it's true, because I'm on the phone, and we're mainly our customer managers going to your company's assets, and then I'm going to make an appointment with you in advance, and then he's going to contact you in advance tomorrow, so here's the thing.	labels:I don't care. I'm not in a hurry anyway.
text:Anyway, you want to do what you say, and you're pretty close to our company, so here's the thing. I'll call you tomorrow before I send my client manager.	labels:Besides, it's okay. My time is really not in our hands these days, you know.
text:That's the way it is. I'm supposed to call you at first tomorrow afternoon, and then I'm gonna tell them to leave, okay?I don't think so.All right, so you're going to do the website and promote it under the name "Five-Case Neutral"? Okay, we're going to do the outer-wall security stuff, right?	labels:Not exactly.
text:Anything else?	labels:There are also design and construction exterior heating materials, solar hot water called solar water heating and air heat pumps.
text:You've made a lot of products here.	labels:It's very broad or energy-efficient.I don't think so.Yes.
text:So when I go tomorrow, you can consult our client manager in detail about anything that you don't know, okay?	labels:All right, let's do this first, shall we?
text:Why don't I call you before we go tomorrow? Yeah.	labels:If it's in the afternoon, make a call in the morning and I don't have time for this afternoon.
text:Okay, I'll call you in the morning. Okay, you're busy. I'll text you later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. The manager of Otai's whole closet, right?	labels:Hello.
text:Excuse me, but I'm from Wuhan Baidu, mainly for online marketing, and I'd like to ask if our company has any plans to do it online in the near future.	labels:Not yet, thank you.
text:Haven't you made it online yet?	labels:Not yet.
text:But I see you've got ads on Alibaba online. I'm sure I'm trying to bring some business to the company, some customers, right?	labels:It's a later thought.
text:Good things.I don't think so.Why don't you think about it now?	labels:Now because look.
text:Let's take a look. Have you ever known 100 degrees before?	labels:100 degrees is not clear, because my industry, unlike any other industry, is a custom-made yes.
text:For the custom furniture, uh, custom cabinets, etc., right?	labels:There's a little more on the scene. The Internet doesn't know what's going on with me.
text:Here's the thing. You're just saying that I just checked, like your colleague from Europe, you've heard of it, you've got 30 big brands, right?	labels:Know it's a brand because it's made different brands.
text:Including what else does the Euros have to offer them, they're all your colleagues.I don't think so.Here's the thing. Let me tell your brother about the 100-degree phone ring. We'll start with 100-degree search, right?I don't think so.Yeah, so our ads are on a search engine below 100 degrees, and then we're working with you to push for a promotional effect. As long as users have customers on 100 degrees to search custom cabinets or key words like cabinets, your public and company information will be in the front 10 places on the 100th front page, from 1st to 10th place, and the user will be able to see your company as soon as possible, because his client has searched the closet or custom cabinets, indicating that the client is in demand for the product, otherwise he wouldn't be looking for it.	labels:How much do you charge for this? I don't care how long.
text:Here's the charge, and we're going to pay for it, and we're going to open you a 100-degree account after we've worked with you, and then you're going to charge the account, and you're going to charge the first time we've worked together, you're going to charge $5,000, you're going to charge $5,000, you're going in, and we're going to promote it, and I'm not saying that the user can see your ad on the phone, or the first to the tenth, right?I don't think so.Well, because it's through keywords, so we're charging for the keywords, and then we're searching for the keywords, and the users see this information, and the ad is free, and he's just going to click, and then he's going to click on your website, and then he's going to click on your website, and then you're going to charge the company for his hits, either on your official website or on your office website.I don't think so.He would have no charge if he had said that he only saw that he didn't order.	labels:That's it. How do you get the hits?
text:This is the case with the number of hits, because we charge a price for one single click, because we have 10 places on our front page, 18 places in total, 10 on our left, 10 on our left, 8 on our right, and the price for each location is different, which means, for example, that we usually start with 50 cents at our lowest level.I don't think so.If you say the price of your, uh, keyword, you can set it on your own backstage, as long as you're five to fifty gross, and then we'll rank you first, then we'll see which of the top is the number one, and then maybe the second is the number three. If you want to rank first, then you can rank first, depending on the price then.	labels:It's just a few bucks a time at this price.
text:Big, maybe the most expensive thing is three or four dollars, and the most expensive one is that.I don't think so.But usually it's just a few cents and a little bit more like a dollar and a half, that's what it's all about, and then when you're done, say you're done, say you're in third place today, say you're in third place, so that if the user hits your website at the third time, then it's a dollar and a half. If the user clicks, of course, it's a different user. If it's the same person who clicks on the same computer, he takes only a dollar and a half a dozen times.I don't think so.Only two different people, two different computers, two different IP addresses, take two sentences, two of them. That's the way it is. And that's what I'm telling you, because we'll give you backstage, and then backstage, you can adjust the key, which is that you can adjust the price by clicking on the key, and then we'll give you a frame of reference.I don't think so.That's right, and if we do this, we can do it every day, which means that we're not the same as others, and that many of the others are likely to cost a year, and we're not going to spend a year on it, which means that you can do it whenever you want, as long as you have the balance in this account, you can do it any time you want, and you can do it any time you want.I don't think so.For example, if you want three days a week, if you want a break in the first two days, you can just listen to me for three days, and then stop the other two days.	labels:I'm probably saying I get it. I'll think about getting in touch with you if I need anything, okay?
text:Are there any plans to go online or do you think your business isn't?	labels:Suitability to industry is also a part of the equation, since at present the developers are talking about promoting it with us, so let's not think about it for a while.
text:You're a dealer here, right? You say.	labels:We're dealers, and there's developers in the market, and he said he'd help us promote marketing.
text:That's a lot of money.	labels:No need to be right.
text:But if the market is developed, it's just the whole market, right? You've been to all those shops there, right? If so many, you're sure you won't have any advantage if you say that the market alone is regulated, right? Because the market is sure that it's only promoting one of his markets, promoting one of his vendors or one of his line ads, but now you know the Internet, don't you?	labels:He said to us that the whole cabinet was also an extension, the whole cabinet.
text:But I also know if the whole cabinet is in Sector One or Sector Two, but I don't know if you're in Sector One or Sector Two.I don't think so.Yeah, well, if you look at all these stores, you're gonna let them do it, and that's not gonna work, is it?I don't think so.So because you're doing business for yourself or making money for yourself, you might want to do something for yourself, but the market is one way, and he says you may not be able to rely entirely on them, right?I don't think so.And as soon as I see it, that is, that we're promoting something that's not a treasure-hunting or a Skycat that you've traditionally understood, you go to the Internet and you buy a brand for advertising, which means that it's a platform for more needy customers to find you.I don't think so.We're just going to call you and let your client know that that's what you're talking about.	labels:Well, let's think about it, and then you'll start with $5,000, right?
text:It's 5,000 bucks to start, and I don't know if your company's website has a website for marketing.	labels:And then the backstage is who's gonna keep it, and then we're gonna have it.
text:Here's the question for me. We'll follow each client and we'll assign a one-on-one trade service, and he'll maintain your backstage, and he'll help you adjust your plan and bid.I don't think so.And because they're classified by industry, they're all, uh, they're gonna give you a professional cabinet for the service, and then they're gonna keep you company, and then they're gonna have a year.	labels:Is it a cost or is it a cost?
text:That's because the $5,000 is a charge, it's not a charge that belongs to us, and then they pay for the maintenance, and they have a service charge, which they charge for the opening of the account on a yearly basis, and that's $1,200 a year.	labels:1000 1200 1200 a year.
text:For 1,000 years and three years, it's 100 bucks a month.	labels:But what they say is that the information is up to date, and he's on call or something.
text:That's right.I don't think so.If they're in charge here, then they publish the links you see on 100 degrees, you know? They're in charge of publishing them for you, then they're in charge of updating you every day and updating you. For example, they're responsible for something new. They're responsible for what you say in the mall.	labels:I'd like to think about it, and I'm going to see if you need anything before you come to your specifics, because you've made it very clear to me.
text:Okay? You've all understood it well. That's what we're talking about. There's a lot of data like me that you're working with in your industry, and we want to talk to you in person.I don't think so.We used to go there anyway. We used to do things there. I'm sure you've seen them, right? Like we've seen before, we've been there every month, basically, every quarter, every month.	labels:Because Ali Baba was in touch before. Isn't that a good thing to do online, or is it a lot more to go to the real store?I don't think so.I know.
text:In that case, if you've just made a custom order, if you simply sell it, it's just that you make it for sale, so that it may not work very well online.I don't think so.But if you're custom-made, I think the Internet works really well. Why? Because if you think about someone else buying it directly from your store, he couldn't have bought it or what, because he was custom-made.I don't think so.But some clients, because the Internet is now more developed. The market is bigger, and he's going to go online, because there's a lot of people, because now there's a custom website, and I'm going to go to the website, and I'm going to customize it at home, and then I'm going to take it when you're done. Because now it's easier to have a network, and it's possible to communicate, and one of them is going to go through it, so if you don't promote it, then you're going to lose it, right?I don't think so.Because one of the consumption habits of people nowadays, everyone likes to go to the Internet first, to compare it, and then to buy it for another 10 days, and that's when you pay for it. Isn't that when you see it, right? You can see it online? It's like the two 11s you've seen 11 days ago, and Ali Baba's over 50 billion. You see how fast the Internet is now growing? If you don't do this, you'll be late, right?	labels:Anyway, I'm thinking about it because we're doing it.
text:I can understand this business by saying you have to think about me. Do you think it's okay if you don't?I don't think so.If we're on our side, we'll go to your side all the time. We'll go to your side this afternoon or sometime. We'll talk to you in person, and we'll bring you some data with some of the effects you've done. Take a look.I don't think so.Let's see if you want to do it at the hotel or not.	labels:You don't have to come. That means we'll be in touch if you need me, okay?
text:It doesn't matter. We come to you all the time. There's a lot of our customers in your city. Our old customers are in your market.I don't think so.It's because there's a lot of us in there.	labels:Then I ask you, can't you start a little lower?
text:Here's the thing, because Wuhan on our side is a branch, and in the end we're going to run your account to the headquarters in Beijing and buy it to the headquarters, where we're going to do a full-scale extension, and because this money is also required by the headquarters here, national unity.I don't think so.Yes, it's $5,000, anywhere in Wuhan and north of Lake. It's $5,000. It's worth it. It's your money. It's nothing. It's the same reason you put $5,000 in your bank account.	labels:He'll always put it in there and he won't get it out.
text:I didn't say I couldn't get it out.I don't think so.This is not to say that you can't get it out, which means that if you have a special case or something, you can refund it.	labels:It's definitely hard.
text:Yeah, you're still a joker, so that means I think you know a lot about this stuff, don't you?I don't think so.If you don't believe what's going on in your market, you can ask your left and left neighbors if anyone else has made a 100-degree phone call. I told them last year you didn't always ask.	labels:But they're all one-line brands. We're two-line brands, different ones. Everybody else's brands are in.
text:I know that. Have you thought of a question?I don't think so.The more likely it is that 100% of the companies that do it, more than 95% are small and medium-sized brands of SMEs, why? Because they're not as big in front of the brands as many people probably haven't heard of them, but because the Internet's really high, 100% because you know that every day we're looking for something, 100% high, you want to think about relying on those brands because they're flawed, and they're very expensive, right?I don't think so.So many customers on the Internet search for so many customers every day, and some of them can't afford that much. He wants to buy something cheap and practical, but a lot of things we're not a brand, but a practical one. I'm sure you know how practical it is for your company to make this shop. It's a good thing to say for a customer, that it's real, that it's good, that it's practical, that it's good, that it's practical, but it's much cheaper than its big brand, and I'm sure that's what users need most.I don't think so.If you're the one that we're promoting online, how can he find you? You're not happy that you're looking for the big ones, are you? You're not happy that they're looking for the big ones. He spends so much money every day on the big ones.	labels:Well, that's all I've said, and I know what it means, because I'm not specifically responsible for it, and I'm going to talk to my boss about it.
text:If you're on your side, you're on your side. You're on your side, you're on your side, you're on your side.	labels:Like this, and then talk to the boss.
text:Talk to the boss. Yeah, well, I think it's a big trend. That's why I told you so much about your company's future. For the sake of this store, you'd want to be big if you said you were doing business, right?	labels:I can either, or I can, or you've infused me with ideas that I can talk to my boss about, see if there's any such impressions.
text:As a suggestion, we are at the forefront of the market, after all, of the Internet.	labels:In the area of e-commerce, I'm probably also aware that I sometimes buy things online, if this industry is considered by the boss because he does it before, because it doesn't know the same thing. So it's all about costs, if you don't know if you can do it online, and if you don't, it's about costs, and it's all about costs.
text:We can all understand that? I'm sure business says it's a matter of money now.I don't think so.We all understand this in our human nature, that you didn't just mention that you didn't know if doing your business meant that you didn't know what to do, so I wanted to talk to you, because we met to show you some data, and I couldn't show you anything on the phone, right? I can't show you what I'm doing, I can't show you what I'm doing, so I can't show you what I'm doing.	labels:I'm also the one that you've promoted online.
text:What are you promoting online? Wait a minute, I'll show you.	labels:And what about the benefits?
text:A specific figure for the benefits, because we have the same customer manager for each industry.	labels:We're just talking about the cabinet business.
text:Yes, we're a business customer manager, so I'd like to talk to you all the time, so if I talk to you, we'll have a customer manager who can visit you, and they'll have a lot of industry data, including how the peer projects are, and one of the peers's consumption is how many hits a day, how many clients they're supposed to consult, and they all have it.I don't think so.I'm here because we're on the front line, so we're not all that comprehensive. I'll tell you a little bit about it.I don't think so.Yeah, so I'd also like to say why I want to talk to you, because the client managers, they're more professional than us, they're probably more likely to know and more detailed about what you do in your profession.	labels:I'm just asking the boss if there's any need to let you go up there, okay?I don't think so.Can I call this number again if I have one?
text:All right, I'll introduce myself to you first. My name is Li Ping, I'm Kim Ping, I'll send you a text message about my grandson's phone. Why don't you talk to the boss? I'll call you in about an hour or before 12 noon, and we'll make sure the boss can meet at 1:00 in the afternoon.	labels:Do you think it's okay?
text:I'll call you later.	labels:Just send me this phone.
text:I'll text you first.I don't think so.And I just wanted to ask you one thing, which is that we're supposed to have a license, because we're going to have a license, and I'm sure we're going to have a business if we're going to open that shop.	labels:Licences are available, licences are available.
text:Individual or company? Individual? Right. Right.I don't think so.Okay, I'll text you, and you can put the number in, okay?	labels:Did you text me on your phone?
text:I'm texting you. I think I just saw if I could find your license.	labels:I didn't hear you clearly.
text:I mean, your license was just registered, like, in September.I don't think so.Yes, because I can see me on the website of the Bureau of Commerce and Industry, I'll take a look at it. I'll read it. Okay, I'll send you a text message. Why don't you talk to the boss first?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is this Mr. Yang?	labels:Hello, may I help you?
text:Excuse me, I'm with Wuhan Baidu. My name is Huang Hao-hwan. You're right. I'll ask you if you're ready to promote your website.	labels:Is there any way you can do this online?
text:We're doing 100-degree promotions here. I think you're doing drugs here, aren't you?	labels:Just do it.
text:I'd like to ask you what kind of medicine you're doing here.	labels:Drugs.
text:Am I right? Are you the kind of person that provides this material to a scientific place like that?I don't think so.In your case, there is one type of search keyword on our side, for example, when these, uh, may be some of the companies of these pharmaceutical companies, they need these products, they search 100 degrees for these more professional words, and then search for them, for example, some businesses, and he can see them, which means he can see the network of one of your companies, and then he can contact you in the first five pages of 100 degrees, for example, if you search one word of one of your products at 100 degrees, the first five at 100 degrees are advertising places, and show it directly to others, such as one user now, click in and see you on your website, see some of your products, see your address contact, and then he can contact you through this contact, which is one of our search keys.I don't think so.Yeah, and then we've got a word called a stream ad, which is on one of our information ends, and on three platforms, a cell phone billboard and a 100-degree browser, and he doesn't need an ad show for these users.	labels:We don't need it. The key is to search, probably.
text:If we're looking for a key word like this, we're looking for an advertising fee, plus an annual service fee. Yes, if we say so, we have a basic package, we have a 10,400 package, and we have a 12,400 18,400 package of three.I don't think so.Yes, the 10,400 package is the cost of a search that we pre-arranged for $8,000. Yes, plus an annual service fee of 2400, and then an annual service fee, we'll give you an optimised backstage, one of these people.I don't think so.This is that one of our company's optimists will help you maintain your backstage. You can add or reduce the keywords, and then set a time frame for your placement, as well as some geographical placements, which he will do. Yes, and then $8,000 in advertising costs, and now one of the people has passed one of your terms and found you entering your website, and then we will visit, and then we will charge you one of the costs of a visit, which will be deducted from your $8,000.	labels:How much do you charge for one death?
text:It's cheaper to say things like yours, because competition is not so great, and people don't search words. Yeah, like your industry, it's probably about two to three dollars, the price of one word, and then it's probably something more deliberate, such as the phrases in the question words, which may be cheaper, perhaps more than one piece, and more money.	labels:No one will, then come up here and search for more, and make me $100 a day, no.
text:In response to this, I can tell you that we have a budget for advertising, for example, 50 dollars a day, 100 dollars a day, and if we run out of 50 dollars, our advertising will go off automatically, and people can only find your website through your company name or your domain name, so the advertising fee is also a protection for you.	labels:The upper limit of scientific research.
text:Yeah.	labels:So this piece of search is right.
text:100 degrees search.	labels:Do you have a 100-degree search because of the 100-degree search that's going to work on a commercial like ours? Does the 100-degree search work on our product? Is the simple product more expensive? It's not expensive, it's about 10,000 dollars a year? Okay.
text:You think about it, don't you?I don't think so.Why don't I go talk to you at your office sometime?	labels:You're in Wuhan, aren't you?
text:Yes, because I'm not far from your company, our company is high at the intersection of Light Valley Avenue and Nine Phoenix Street.	labels:The 100-Do Building. You're not far from here.
text:All right, are you usually in the company?	labels:Two places aren't at the Peaks, right here in Light Valley Bio City, anyway. Yeah, just call first.
text:Okay, I have a client here this morning. If it's all right this afternoon, I'll give you a call in advance. If you're here, can you come?	labels:Can be right.
text:If not today, come by tomorrow and see if you can.	labels:Yes.
text:Hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it, hold it.	labels:It's 100 degrees, isn't it?
text:Hundred degrees, our company is the Puzzle Group, and we're the only agent in Lake North.	labels:All right.
text:Yes, I can find some data, sort it out, and then I can introduce you in person.	labels:Can't add, yeah, you come and talk about it, okay.
text:I'll just call you then, okay?	labels:What's your name?
text:If you don't mind, I'll text you with my own cell number. Good. I'll bother you here, Mr. Yang.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Is it Ei-chan?
text:Where?	labels:Mr. Ip, good afternoon, I'll introduce myself here. My name is Yu Dong. Chang is Wuhan Bwedu and works on the Internet.I don't think so.We're promoting your company's name in 100 degrees, or some of your company's official networks, and some of the products are on 100 degrees above us, and on the first page we're doing it with you. How much is it?I don't think so.This is the sum of 2400 for one year of our service, and then we'll search the pre-storage at home, 5,000 for the pre-storage, which is just as much as you do, 50 dollars for a little bit of consumption, and then it's consumed by clicking, which is 5,000 for an effective click, such as the leadership network.I don't think so.The service fee is 2400 and the service fee is optimized at a later stage of the year, assuming that you want to change some of the keywords, or some of your newer products, or that your company has something to change, we can get one-on-one at a later stage.
text:A client's website?I don't think so.Do you have a website? You can send it.	labels:I'm sending you a free website now.
text:Don't send the website free of charge.	labels:We used to have thousands of dollars to do the site, you had to spend the money to do it outside, and now we're doing it for the 15th anniversary and we're going to deliver it free of charge. Tell you you're doing it.
text:And then we're doing the promotion.	labels:I'll give you an extension and we'll send you a free website. You can set up a network.
text:The promotion is that I'm going to put my product on top of you 100 degrees to help us promote it.	labels:Right. First page on 100 degrees.
text:I'm gonna make a deal online.	labels:If you have a client in touch with you, the deal is all yours, we don't take a cent, we only charge you for the deposit, he clicks on it once, assuming two dollars, we take only two dollars and the rest, regardless of whether he makes a deal with you, whatever the amount is, hundreds of thousands of millions of dollars, and you collect it here, and we don't dare to collect it.
text:There are tens of millions of dollars.	labels:I mean a little exaggeration, that's if it's so big, and I want you to be a big one, right? I'll do it.
text:It's got to be $5,000, right.	labels:You can save more. You can save 5,000 if you feel like you want. Try it.
text:No one else cares if it's two bucks full.I don't think so.No, it's not.	labels:If it wasn't for two dollars, we'd just have him searching, and we'd have demand, and you'd show it to us 100 degrees without charge, and he'd be in there for three seconds or more, and he'd be in there for a few seconds, and he'd be looking at your company's products, and then we'd have a consumption, because it must be demand, he'd order your website, assuming he's going to buy your clothes, he'd never be able to pick up your website, wouldn't he?I don't think so.It's no charge, and we've only charged the same IP this time, and he's got to buy the product, no matter how many times he ordered your website today, and he accidentally deleted it, and the second time he clicked on it, because it's only one price. This is 5,000 plus services, 2400 minimum, 7400 minimum. You can save a little more. If you can do it, you don't have to do it. If you don't want to do it, you don't have to do it.
text:Information.	labels:It's a cell phone, it's a 100-degree computer, he's supposed to search a thing with a computer, it's a collection, it's a computer, it's a cell phone, it's a 100-degree app or some other 100-degree software, and if he says he's having a baby, he's gonna buy some kid's clothes or something.I don't think so.He said earlier that if your company were doing this, I would do an analogy that automatically pops up, based on the data from the backstage, and then talks about the pattern of advertising in front of him, because in order to avoid that, people would point in and click to produce consumption, and the flow of information would be particularly cheap, and that would be a few cents of money at a time.I don't think so.So you can both try to do it. And what kind of business is that for your company?
text:Do it.	labels:Long time? It's better for long-time promotions, because every bottle you make has a style or a brand, or what kind of product you sell, right?I don't think so.It's better when you're on top of 100, when you're looking for some wine, he's going to give it to someone or this one, right? He's going to get it online, and the price is going to be good, right? They buy it, they buy it automatically, right? I think it's a good idea for you to do it.
text:You said we'd get our product if you had a 100-degree website, right? You.	labels:You talk a little louder on your side, and I might as well have a super tight ear on my side, feeling it.
text:A little break, bad signal.I don't think so.What I'm saying is, for example, that I'm the only one who points into this website and into everything that's in our house, right?	labels:On this site, it is assumed that you will create a website, and then you will search through it for some of the contents of your network.
text:I asked you how a stranger didn't know about my website.	labels:He doesn't know your website. He doesn't know he just clicks like you're a liquor salesman, does he?I don't think so.He assumes that he's going to say the key word, that he's going to say that he's going to play HTTP with you in 100 degrees, and he's going to take 9 with you, and you're going to promote it, and we're going to pop up your company on the first page of 100 degrees, is that it?I don't think so.Your salary.
text:Just pop it out right away.	labels:You don't have to collect your website HTTP what.com, do you? It's too much trouble.
text:I know.I don't think so.I asked you about a lot of homes in case others don't feed us.	labels:You're the one who said something about other people's homes.
text:I'm sure there's a lot of people who do it, and sometimes the bank talks to him not about ours, but about other people's homes.	labels:The first five of us will definitely show your salary, the first five of us will be advertising posts, and think the first five will definitely show your company on the front page. Don't you worry. He's not, for example, making a promotion. He's talking about your competition, but if you do, you can show it in what we call it, but in a sequential order, but all of it is on the first page, because you have a computer screen that big, and it can't be at the same level, can it?I don't think so.It's definitely your company, right? So, you're promoting your drink, and I really think you're really good at it. You see some of the trades they're not good at, because it doesn't make sense. You're just going to show it to people, so they're going to buy it? Some of them.
text:How much is that? 2400 a 5000.	labels:If you want to do a stream of information, you can add 3000. We can talk to you in person. I'll talk to you today or tomorrow, and if you think it's okay, let's see if you're doing a search-only computer or a website with a stream of information.
text:For example, there are now individuals who contact me on the site, and they do it online, and the money is promoted, ahead of them.	labels:Is anyone in contact with you here now?
text:One guy called, he said he's a web site, he's a web site like this, and he's talking about it as a money, you know?	labels:Which side are you talking to?
text:I don't know which side. I've been contacted.	labels:It's also Wuhan's side who called you.
text:It must be Wuhan's, not Wuhan's or Wuhan's, like him. He said the website was 1200, then he promoted it as a website, then he had a cell phone, a cell phone, or a machine version, not a computer version.	labels:Yeah, it's the phone version. It's the information stream.
text:So what you're saying right now is, you're saying that all you're doing is doing all the work you're doing, you're doing it with the website, aren't you?	labels:When did he call you? A few years ago.
text:He's always calling me. I don't know when he'll call me.	labels:Anyway, I've told you about our 15th anniversary, and I'm sure I'll do it in the most advantageous way. You'll see when you have time for me to meet you, then we'll talk about it, and I'll give you some data.I don't think so.Because all industries speak with data.I don't think so.The day after tomorrow? You're here tomorrow without Mr. Li.
text:There's something going on tomorrow.	labels:What's going on tomorrow? Am I going to be in the morning or in the afternoon? Am I going to be in the morning? Monday is going to be Thursday? Thursday is going to be Thursday? I'm going to call you right now, and then I'm going to set the time, and then I'm going straight to you, okay.I don't think so.What's your firm's exact address now?
text:This is the New City of Dragons.	labels:Where?
text:New Town?	labels:The New City of Dragons, isn't it?
text:You came out at the coordinates of Morning Trade Limited at 100 degrees.	labels:Yes, I'll send you a message, and you'll send me a location, and I'll come to you, and I'll take some data. Yes, I can.
text:Okay.	labels:I'm sorry to bother you today.	episode_done:True
text:Hey, is this the soup manager? Hello, I see you're doing this ad design, right?	labels:And...
text:I'm looking for the backstage. Do you want to expand our company's operations now?	labels:What you say is so.
text:Because we've always had a lot of demand on this side, like advertising, campaign planning, and this one.	labels:I didn't.
text:You haven't done it yet. When are you going to do it?	labels:I'll call you when I do it.
text:It's not you who can ask our company to do it for you.I don't think so.The website can be packaged together, and there's just one package, so I'm going to let you know when you're going to do it.	labels:How much do you pay for packing together?
text:If you pack it together, the cost of the site will be $188 for website production, followed by an extension fee, which will be $1,200 a year for one-on-a-year service, including a professional high-level customer service, and one-on-one backstage maintenance, because some of the key-word settings on the backstage are more precise, so you will be helped to maintain the other cost, which is a pre-deposit deposit that you've charged to the inside account, which is a deduction on one of our 100-degree consumption. Do you know that we have a 100-degree deduction model?	labels:Just say that you're paying 1,200 for your services, that's not a charge, that's the back of the high-level guest service.
text:One of the costs, that's the only $1,200 you're paying us.I don't think so.The rest of the money is yours, for example, your own website fee for 1888. Even if you don't do 100% of the website, the other pre-deposit is always in your account, and if you don't, he won't lose a cent. That's our 100% pattern, right?I don't think so.And then we've got a hundred-degree demand, go to 100-degree operations, and we'll see a lot of companies, and we'll put your company on the front page of his presentation, and we'll let him see you at first glance, but we'll do it free of charge, let him see you at the top of the 100-degrees, and only when he clicks on your web link, opens your web site completely, sees a series of product displays, contacts, etc., we'll start a one-time deduction, and we'll take it out of your deposit.I don't think so.Every time he clicks, he takes a few cents to a few dollars, and the same computer says the same IP address, and if it clicks again, we charge only once.	labels:I know what you mean, but how do I check if the clicks are valid or not?
text:There's a data analysis on the backstage, because we have 10 tools to help you understand that every person who hits your website, he's an IP from Wuhan, and what time point it is, and whether it goes in through, for example, 100 degrees, or through some portal, can see it, and how many people visit your website every day, that's not how many people see your website, and how many people click on your website can see it backstage.I don't think so.Our back-office attendants say that his job is to help you analyse the ratio of the data, that is, by showing the amount of the data compared to the amount of the visits and the amount of the consultations, that one comparison of the four data of 444, that one study will summarize it, and that every month, a report will be produced that will allow you to adjust the key-word settings of the back-office on the basis of this report. Do you know about the bid?	labels:I know it's a matter of concern to me. You said Lee Myung-ho is promoting it in 58 with 58 with 58 with me, and he's talking to me about paying, and I know I know this.I don't think so.So now I'm on 58th in the same city, and I've been receiving more than a dozen calls in three days since this thing came out.
text:But none of them are going to work with you, are they?	labels:It's all for you to know.
text:That's one of the vices of catching up with them, because, like their resources, they're more up to date each year, right? There's a direct connection to the phone number, so many of them are being fought by our operators.I don't think so.But if we're on the 100-degree side, we're going to search for your key words directly through a demand, right? As we usually do, if we're going to go to the 100-degree network, we're not going to get the top commercials, you know?I don't think so.We can't find him because he's in there, and you need a few more. We usually go down there and look for the companies that are in the back. It's probably not very much of a concern, it's not very likely that one of the cases we hit was that we're going to choose the companies that are in the back.	labels:If you don't click, you can't make sure that other companies don't give it to you, like 58 comb salesmen, like his 58 comb he's looking for, he's trying to get a client up there, he's clicking, how I'm going to screen it, and then call me on the phone.
text:You said 58, right?I don't think so.58 operators call you through your phone number, right?	labels:Yeah, I'm saying, for example, that I've promoted you a hundred degrees, right?
text:I know what you mean.	labels:We're backstage and he saw me promote 25, so I went up to his 58th.
text:I know what I'm telling you about the solution, like our 100-storey side, we have a 21-storey office building, how loud you were the other day, the soup manager, the 21-storey office building, like the 200-storey crew in our section, and the total IP address for all of our companies, so that's a pattern that should be the same for 58 of them, so there's a set up on our backstage, which means that if you know which IP address is not valid for you, you can put it in the backstage setting, the IP removes the tool called the IP exclusion tool, and when you write it in it, as long as all computers in Ip do not have access to it, he doesn't have effective access to your website, so there's a needless click-and-sick situation that comes to light.I don't think so.And it's like an IP address inside our 100-degree company, like the computer I'm looking at right now, and I don't charge a penny for any of our 100-degree companies' websites, but we can go in, we can go in, but we won't.I don't think so.That's what it means.	labels:I'll give you the example of a company that's got a lot of promotions to offer.
text:So the example is that this thing can be controlled by an IP. Because every network has its own IP, it can't be changed, like an ID card, so I mean 58 companies or their companies, they'll have a fixed IP, so if you choose their IP, you can put it in an IP exclusion tool, so that one of their invalid hits can be avoided.I don't think so.And the other thing is, if you say you don't want to be ordered so many times a day, you can set a daily spending ceiling, say, you just want to get $100 a day, $50 a day, you can put it on the line and you're not on the ad, you're just below the ad, and then you're probably under the 100-degree encyclopedia, right?I don't think so.It's a 100-degree front page or a second page, but you can be sure you won't lose a penny on how others access your website at that time, because it's not your promotion time, you know? As we say now, 100-degree is doing a favor, just like I just told you it's a website with an outreach package, so that's one of them.I don't think so.And the other is that we're about to start a 100-degree price increase, with an extra $600 plus v certification, which we've been talking about since early August, but if it were to be done suddenly, many customers would certainly not accept, so we're going to implement a policy of doubling the 100-degree price increase, starting on August 1, so if you are.	labels:Say I know, but now I'm telling you, the price below 100 is the most expensive, but the effect is getting worse because now you're thinking about it.
text:I don't even know if it's planned, but it's good for my business on 100 degrees, or I won't call you. If it's bad for you, will I call you?I don't think so.Definitely not.	labels:Keyword, you're working on the graphic design of this keyword, and you're going to have to fire up to a few dozen dollars.
text:How is that possible? I'll check for you.	labels:Planted design of the drawing book.
text:It's a book design, right? Hold on a second, it's an average price of $1:54.	labels:One piece, one piece.
text:Fifty-four cents, front screen.	labels:What do you mean average? The price is right.
text:Then the average price for the first page is seven dollars.I don't think so.Yeah, I'll tell you why it's average, because some companies want to be in first place, in first place, and he'll pay a lot of money to raise his brand image, so he'll raise an average price, but you don't have to argue with them if you start doing it earlier.	labels:I didn't know I was in the back, did I?
text:It's not you who listens to me. We don't put you in the first place you can't see. We definitely put you in the top five categories.I don't think so.You have to know.	labels:The top five pay more than I pay, don't they?
text:We're going backstage to give you a detailed plan for the bid for the key word, so you can assure you that you're in the top five, because we don't have a policy, and we're sure we have a plan. We can't say that we've got that client working with us, we can't just say we saw him. You can't say you have a client. So we're sure to have a way of dealing with it, with a minimum input or a maximum return, you know?I don't think so.Do you know how many people are searching in a day, like you just said? The daily search was 1123 times, and the search was high in all industries, because, like the most popular construction industry, there are only 2,000 people searching a day, you've already reached more than 1,000, like some of the usual industries, such as some kind of mechanical or Japanese lawn mower or something, and they've been fighting hundreds of times, that is, they're not as high as you.I don't think so.If you're doing publicity now, and you're not doing it right now, there's no dinner package. So if you're here, and we're about to start raising prices, if you're going to think about it later, I'm going to make an appointment with your client manager tomorrow, and I'm going to come over to you tomorrow, and I'm going to show you some information from my colleagues, okay?	labels:I'll have time in the day after tomorrow. How about Monday?
text:Would it take that long?	labels:Because of that too.
text:It won't take long. It'll take between half an hour and an hour.	labels:I know, but I have to figure this out.
text:I know we're going to make sure you understand, right? Because I've told you so much on the phone, why don't I show you the way you look, right?I don't think so.Thank you to our client manager, who is also experienced in your profession, and who for many years must have more knowledge and answers to you than I am. So you have to wait until Monday, so I can't make an appointment today, I can't wait until tomorrow, and I've wasted three or four days, and why don't you use 30 days ahead of you to do an extension in those four days and three or four days? Isn't it better to attract a few customers? Do you have time for 11 a.m.?	labels:11 a.m. I don't have time for this.
text:Tomorrow at 10 noon.I don't think so.Nothing.	labels:I don't have all day tomorrow.
text:Tomorrow's Friday's all day, tomorrow's afternoon's late, four or five o'clock.	labels:You're going to drive there.
text:Where did you say you were?	labels:I'm driving.
text:I'm talking about where your company is and where we're supposed to go when we talk.	labels:We're talking about the international side.
text:Moore International?	labels:Valley Coast International.
text:That's not very clear, I'm not local.	labels:You see my name? Let me see. I know what it says.
text:You said Waterside International just didn't see it. If we had a customer manager assigned to each subdistrict, I'd let him meet you at 4:00 and 5:00 tomorrow, and I'd give you half an hour to get to know the details, and it would be useful for our company to do this earlier, wouldn't it?	labels:I know, but I'm telling you right now that I don't have time.
text:It's really a good season for Hong Kong, isn't it?	labels:There's just one thing I need to catch up on right now. They've got hundreds of working days to live in, you know?
text:Four, five, four, five?	labels:Yeah, and then work late at night, which means Saturday Sunday at night.
text:You mean Saturday Sunday?	labels:Saturday's gonna be a busy day. I said Sunday's fine.
text:I can only call you tomorrow on Sundays and confirm with you the appointment manager, because our client manager won't have Sundays today, but tomorrow. I'll call you tomorrow morning at noon to make sure I see you on Sunday.I don't think so.Do you think it's morning or afternoon on Sunday?I don't think so.Morning, right? Sunday morning. You'll do it on your website with the promotion. I'll get the client manager to prepare some information on the site. I'll give you a reference, right?	labels:Yeah, including some of the successes you've made.
text:I have to, I have to show you.	labels:How's his website doing, making him a website, and then the effect of his website.
text:I know.	labels:If I can get backstage, I'll see how many hits he's got behind his website.
text:We can't get in the backstage without their passwords, can we?	labels:Unless it is.
text:Unless our client manager has his own user password to give you a reference, right?	labels:How am I supposed to judge that?
text:We'll show you something about the industry. The customer manager will prepare it for you. Now I'm talking about color design. Let's talk about a few companies. Let's see if you've heard of it.I don't think so.You should know a lot about drawing books. Wuhan Jung-mi. Have you heard of Wuhan Jung-mi's ad design company?	labels:You keep talking.
text:Then we heard about Wuhan Exhibition Advertising Ltd., Wuhan Host Design Advertising Co. Ltd., which is in Beijing, or below, or some of the Wuhan Monarchy Advertising and Communications Ltd., which is in the top five positions, if we are searching now. I have 123,45,6788 homes on my front page, and we have the most visible places on our front page.	labels:Everyone's on your own, so if I'm going to push, I'm not in ninth place.
text:Don't worry, I signed a client last month, he works in the steel room. It's none of your business, but I'll give you an example. He did it. I searched the steel room because it was also a lot of searches, so I looked on the whole side of the company, just like you did, and then I made the steel room a week after it was done, and I found that he was in fifth place on our front page.	labels:That's how much he paid.
text:How can you say he had the same expense as you?	labels:I'd like to ask you if it's the same two people who pay more and less, and you make less money.I don't think so.You're on Mr. Money.
text:Don't worry, I've told you we have a policy, we have a policy, we have a policy, we're going to let you get the maximum insurance payback, and we're going to do it with one of our own. Don't worry about it. It's a 100% job to work with us. Aren't you driving, Mr. Tang?	labels:Right.
text:I'll call you tomorrow morning to make sure you meet Sunday and let the client manager talk to you.I don't think so.Have you ever heard of any of the companies I've just mentioned? You all know that she should be ranked first in our line, just like her design, and then she'll have wings, and then you'll probably know what's in front of them, and I'll ask him to prepare some information for you on this piece.I don't think so.I told you a few words about a 1,200 and a 100,1888. There's a prepayment, and then we'll save 5,000 from the lowest, and the more you can charge, the greater the discount, and then you'll see that the price is acceptable.	labels:You just get good, you just let me click, and I say I don't say twenty-three grand.
text:I know I think you're a pain in the ass, and we can assure you of that.I don't think so.Promise.	labels:I see you're a man in a $10,000 build-up, set-up media one.
text:How can I trust you, because I'm talking to you at the same time, when I'm done with you, and I'm sure I'll ask you to send you one to my manager, and send you an e-mail for a high-level service to keep you backstage?I don't think so.We'll talk about this on Sunday. I'll send you the contact details. My last name is Chandi, and you can ask me if you want to know about this. Okay, I'll send you a cell phone number and I'll call you later. OK, I'll call you later. OK, I'll leave you to it.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mr. Han, you're still working on this piece of metal. I'm Wang, Wang Liang, and I'm from Hubei Baidu because I've recently found a lot of people on Wuhan's side looking for this information every day, and you've been working on Wuhan for over a decade.I don't think so.We're working on a 100-degree website to promote this business, because I don't know if you've thought about it, raise your profile, and let everyone know that your company's been working with Wuhan for over a decade, right?	labels:Are you on the weekends or are you on the page?
text:I'm doing a construction and a 100-degree extension of this site.	labels:My website construction department's promotion.
text:As long as you do 100-degree promotions, as long as someone searches the Internet, everyone knows it's your new city space site.	labels:That's the rank number.
text:Take your places. You can control this yourself. You can also put it on the first page of 100 degrees.	labels:Page 1, first place.
text:That's what we do. Do you have an official website of your own right now? Do you have an official website of your own? So the cost of one of our promotions is two parts, and one of the models that we promote is that you're talking about Wuhan's high Internet prices, so your company will be on a 100-degree front page.I don't think so.The first can control its own costs, and the first part is that it has a service fee of 1,200 per year, and we will give you a one-on-one service to help you upgrade and promote and maintain your effectiveness.I don't think so.The second part is the headline deposit, which means that when someone searches Wuhan for the Internet, your information will come out, right? Then the Internet people can click on your web site information, and then they can take the money, so your confidence is only shown in a 100-degree search result, merely showing that the piece is free, which is based on a free payment model based on the price of the hits.I don't think so.You just asked, so you want to be first on a 100-degree front page and first on a 100-degree front page, right?	labels:I am.
text:Hypothetically, for example.	labels:I now want the first three full or first five.
text:It's all right, isn't it?I don't think so.The average price is about 50 cents, you know? 50 cents.	labels:What do you mean right now?
text:For example, when someone searches the Internet for high prices, your information appears on a 100-degree front page, and then clicks in or around 50 cents.I don't think so.You have a thought on this right now, don't you?	labels:50 cents, 45, 5 bucks, right?
text:Right.	labels:Two hundred and fifty-five thousand dollars. So the last few months suggested that you get the $5,000.
text:This is where we're limited to doing Wuhan business on your side, and Hubei business on our side? Well, because we have a 100-degree geographic area, we're confined to the north of the lake, north of the lake or north of Wuhan, there's so many people across the country in the north of the lake, and everyone else is not limited to this business, is there? So there's a resistance on our side?I don't think so.The other is that we can control how much you can spend every day, and then we'll give you a back-office account, and you can say, for example, that one of my advertising budgets today is $500, $50, so that you can control it.I don't think so.You have an official website here.	labels:You're going back to have other web-based Skycats.
text:Yeah, 'cause now you're used to 100 degrees. You're supposed to use 100 degrees on the Internet yourself, aren't you?	labels:I'll use something else.
text:Like 360, right?	labels:360180360.
text:In fact, there's another model that we're promoting here called the Alliance, which is a case in which you may not be able to get out of this information as soon as someone searches the high-grid rack on the Internet, but it will appear on the left and right sides of your computer, or elsewhere, in the form of a picture floating.I don't think so.This shows what companies are looking for a high Internet price for Wuhan, and that's what you're talking about. In addition to 100%, there's half a million others like this, and in other platforms, it's called internet promotion.	labels:What do you think I'm good at?
text:I'm sure you're better off with 100-degree promotion because it's more accurate, because one of the Internet people now has a habit of being 100-degree, and they've formed a famous brand, and he's going to go through 100-degree, no matter what he's looking for, right?	labels:If you send me your phone number again, I have a name. I think I'll talk to someone over there.
text:That's what I thought.	labels:The restaurant or the discount forgets.
text:As for General Han, I'm applying to you for a senior customer manager who specializes in the development of your steel net rack. See when we have an appointment, and then he applies to such a customer manager to come over and talk to you about a specific detail of this matter. Because it's not clear what I'm talking to you on the phone, and you don't know how we operate here, right?	labels:It's in that office.
text:We're at the 100th Building in Jiangxia, you know?I don't think so.You're on the other side of Changdong Island. You're on the other side of the Temple Mountain New Technology Development Area. You're on the other side of East Seo Bay, aren't you?	labels:But I moved to my office building and to Wuchang.
text:Move to Wuchang. What's your location in Wuchang? From Hungshan Square. Hung Shan Square?I don't think so.You see, Mr. Han, tomorrow morning or afternoon is convenient. I'll apply for a customer manager to develop your piece, and you won't have time for tomorrow when he tells you exactly what to do.	labels:Eleven countries this afternoon.
text:Because we've had such a concession in recent times, you know?	labels:I know, I'm calling to talk to me because I don't have time. I'll give you some time at the 11th.
text:Tell me you've been thinking about doing this for a while, haven't you?	labels:I am.
text:And you just said you're going to have to do it. You want to change it.	labels:I don't want to do it. I have a new product on my product, you know?
text:You want a new product, you might want to promote it, don't you?	labels:Walk after that is the new steel south steel.
text:Is that the new steel bar? You want to promote the product? Yes, we're best suited to promote the new product.	labels:You want to run the web page?
text:You want to do a website and push this new product? Yes, how much can you pay for it?	labels:Usually do it on your side.
text:You know, we've got this, a packaged website and a hundred-and-four, and now we can make you an official website worth $5,000, worth $5,000, including what's in your headlines, what's in the headlines, what's in the headlines, what's in the job, what's in the engineering case, what's in the product photos, what's in the product show, all of them together, and it's only 1888, and it's 150 dollars, what's in the company, what's in it, what's in it, what's in it, what's in it, what's in it, what's in it, what's in it, what's in it, what's in it, what's in it, what's in it, what's in it, what's in it, what's in it, what's in it?I don't think so.And then there's room for a photo of one of your things, and the cost of a 450-dollar space is for a web site to produce just 1288, and there's such a concession. That's what I'm talking about. And when did you get this new product on the market and when did it come out?	labels:Japanese room, huh? Yes.
text:For 600-dollar domain names, space cost is 1888, oh.	labels:Okay, the third set of 10 certificates is typical, I'm not.
text:450 a space, right? 150 bucks a resident.	labels:Domain name space.
text:And then 120,1288 is the one that's dedicated to making you a website.	labels:That would be cheaper. I used to spend thousands of dollars on the Internet.
text:Where did you do this?	labels:Know he met a liar.
text:We're a regular 100-degree company, we're doing whatever you're doing on your website later, and now that we've been doing a 5,000-starter, there's a set of meals like this, which would cost you about $3,000, so I'm in such a hurry to talk to you, because we'll probably be over by the end of the Fourth of July.I don't think so.It'll be enough for you to go on an 11th trip.	labels:I'm not going out for a trip.
text:I'm President Han, for example. Do you see if it's convenient tomorrow morning or afternoon?	labels:Good morning.
text:If my client manager comes by tomorrow morning, I'll explain this to you in more detail. Will you keep your phone open?	labels:Get in touch with me first, if anything happens to him.
text:Okay, I'll get in touch with you before I let him go.I don't think so.I'll talk to our client manager about this, and you have a new product to market, and then I'll tell him about it. I'll explain to him that you'll keep a phone open and he'll call you before you go. The address is over at the Hungshan Square in Wuhan City.I don't think so.And then where to find you.	labels:Red Mountain Square, then the subway station.
text:Which one of the stations is the station at the end of the subway?	labels:Red Mountain Stadium Road.
text:Sports, roads, huh?	labels:The Ree River Hotel here at the dam.
text:The dam.	labels:The dyke showroom.
text:Tell him about the showroom? Okay, I'll get him in touch tomorrow. You do your best, that's it. My name is Wang Liang. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Are you Mr. Cheung? Oh, Mr. Cheung, I'm here for 100 degrees.
text:I know I don't need to call me right now, okay?	labels:How many months do you think about it?
text:Now.	labels:We don't know if you're doing it right now.
text:No website yet.	labels:It doesn't matter if you don't do it by the time you get there.
text:That's probably how much it costs.	labels:There are now 100 per cent promotional opening charges, which, in the case of a 12-200-year advance per year, are set aside in the amount of 50 million dollars.I don't think so.If you also have a website, the price of the package is 188.
text:What's the sum?	labels:Do you see if you're pre-arranged for 10,000 or 5,000?
text:Five thousand dollars.	labels:That's 5,000, because we now have 3,000 mobile phones. That's 8288.I don't think so.Oh, but that's the way it is, because it happens that I called you today because yesterday we had a meeting with the company, a 100-degree mobile outreach summit, and if we enjoyed the event, the price for the meeting room would be 1300, ending on Sunday, and if we start next week, the original price would be 8288.
text:How much do you want to tell me about the website?	labels:The website is like this, which means that the usual website is 188, and if you are sure to do 100, within these two days, the price of the site is 1300, because the 1300 includes a PC website and a mobile website. If you usually do it, the 1888 website is only a PC website, and you have to pay 200 dollars for a mobile website. That is to say, the Internet site is free of charge, and the PC website is nearly 600 dollars short.
text:Okay, I'll think about it.	labels:You see, you still have time tomorrow or the day after tomorrow, and I can bring you the event, because it's just the same opportunity that we had yesterday.
text:I don't need it for now.	labels:Do you have any other doubts at this point in your life?
text:No, because I still have shareholders, and we need to talk about it.	labels:You can put the stockholders together, you can call them at night tomorrow, we'll go straight to tomorrow, we'll talk about it with some of your stockholders, because if you think about this opportunity, you can save you more than a thousand dollars.
text:The main thing is, we haven't figured out what we're going to do about it yet. Do you understand?	labels:You know, you're doing a lot of things right now, you know how it works.
text:I'm doing the same thing, and I know they don't have any effect on their website, because we only have a little effect in the newspapers.	labels:What I'm trying to tell you is that you're thinking about what groups you're looking at right now, that it's basically old people reading newspapers, that it's basically like the 50-60-year-olds, that it's all over the Internet, that it's now popular, that it's a very small ad post, that I know it's a monthly fee, and that it's a little bit of a square position.
text:Right?	labels:But you're doing a hundred push, but if you're doing a hundred push, it's a little broader for you now, like the user community.
text:All right? When are you going to come over and take a look at it?	labels:So are you at the office tomorrow morning or are you at the office tomorrow morning?
text:I'm sure the company made a call tomorrow before they all arrived.	labels:Where are you guys exactly? I'm going to a house.
text:Building, Station Road.	labels:It's a moving building, isn't it? How many floors?
text:29 29m.	labels:20 29th floor m.
text:29th floor, m's.	labels:29th floor, huh?
text:Move.	labels:If you want me to come to your place tomorrow morning at 10 a.m.?
text:11 a.m. May I?	labels:Eleven o'clock. You'll be busy first.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mr. Zhang. You're making aluminum doors and windows? Yes. Hello, Mr. Zhang. My name is Deng.	labels:Yeah, how do you know that?
text:And I've signed up with a number of clients recently, and he's on his side, and he's busy every day and he's busy.I don't think so.If you're here, I see you've got a sale on 58 and a plan to expand the market.	labels:Right.
text:That's what I saw on the 58th.I don't think so.My name is Don. I'm Mr. Deng. This is from the 100-degree company. See if you've made an aluminum window, have plans for an official website, put your business on the 100-degree front page for a search and publicity of the key word, but you need to seal the balcony sun room and so on and so on, and you can find these customers when you go to the 100-degree shop.	labels:How much for the website.
text:What we're saying here is mostly about outreach and repackaging the website.I don't think so.You now.	labels:Website.
text:If you want to do a website alone, or if you want to do a website alone, it's because it's different from your client's needs, and we usually do a marketing site, or it's different from your functional needs, and if you're here, you're here, you're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're doing two sites, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're here, and we're gonna need $1,300, if we're going to do it together.	labels:1300 bucks.
text:For you to promote it together, you only need $1,300 for the two websites.	labels:Does that mean he's gonna charge for the drop in the number of hits?
text:That's what it means.	labels:It's as much as it costs in August.
text:We're only paying by clicking, that's if we're not on a year-on-year basis. If you order, you'll charge. If you don't, you won't charge.I don't think so.So, first of all, we're going to have to do a website with you, and then we're going to do a website, and then we're going to put the products of our company, the Aluminum window, the Sunny House balcony, and then we're going to put some of our company profiles on this site, and then we're going to put some of our company's related business in the same key words like services, like sunrooms, balconys, the Wuhan Sunhouse, and so on.I don't think so.As soon as I see your information, I can call you here and get a connection to a business.	labels:Well, it's pretty expensive for us to pay for this.
text:That's not true. If I'm a client, I'm just looking at the key word, I'm looking at the ad, and we're not paying any more than I want to know, and I'm going to see what our company is doing, what it points in your website, we're going to deduct the cost of a click, and how much is the cost of your business.	labels:You.
text:This business is about doing your business, the whole Wuhan or the whole Hubei country.	labels:I just...
text:To be Wuhan, right?I don't think so.If you were Wuhan alone, you'd have less than three dollars. If you were a whole country, it'd be about three dollars on average.	labels:That's right. You're talking about two sites with him.
text:Yeah, we're making you two sites because we need a PC station and a mobile station for the third line of the ad, just a mobile site, and if we're going to do two sites with you here, we're going to need $1,300 because.	labels:If we don't do it for now, we can do it.
text:If you don't do the promotion, it's definitely not worth the price, because now we have a website that's for you, because it's only for one domain name and space, because if you do it alone, you'll have at least $23,000 to do it outside.	labels:I've got a couple hundred bucks on my possum.
text:It's not a website, it's just a page with you, and it doesn't make any sense for you to focus on making a page on it. Because there's so many homes on it, you're not advertising, you're advertising even if you're in it, you're advertising, you're not going to find you if you don't.	labels:You said it was too expensive to give you 1:23.
text:One and two and three dollars to figure out who I'm supposed to be, who I'm supposed to be looking for. I'm going to look up 100 degrees. You look like a sunhouse or a window or something. If I don't need it, I'm not going to search you for the key word, and I'm not going to search for it, and I'm going to click on your page.I don't think so.In fact, from your profession, you're going to search 100 degrees a lot, but when you search the ad, it's got your phone number, so you can see your phone number, and now he's calling you directly, right?I don't think so.And it's like a trade like yours, he just clicks on at least 140, and he clicks on 140 hits on your website, and it's not even 20 times.	labels:Well, I'll think about it. If I'm done, go straight to your.
text:The website's ready. We'll just do the ad on our side, yeah.I don't think so.Well, if the website is ready, we're at a price like this. If we're here to open an account, we'll split it in two pieces, $1,200 on the one hand and $1,200 a year, and we'll set up a professional customer to meet you here, do your back-office service, run your account.I don't think so.If you open the account here, you'll have to deposit an advertising fee, we'll have 6006000. If you save $10,000, I'll make two for you for $800.	labels:I also agreed with him, and after I said that, it was simple when I did that, and finally, if I said I didn't do promotions.
text:If you don't do it, you stop. You don't do it. You don't do it.	labels:There are no costs on the website.
text:Every year you pay a domain name and space for 800 dollars.	labels:800 bucks a year.
text:If it's your own website, you have your own backstage running your own website, which means you don't advertise on our 100-degree website anymore, and you can still use it.	labels:It'll work. Yeah, it'll be enough to start saving $6,000.
text:For you, whatever it is you can use, you just need 800 bucks a year for this domain name and space when it expires.	labels:Now my own website is ready, because I've come to the platform to do what I'm going to do and how much I'm going to do.
text:Yeah, if you do this website right now, you'll pay $1,200 a year for the opening of an account and set aside an advertising fee at a minimum of $200 and a minimum of $7,200 for the opening of an account.	labels:If you open an account, 7200, 7200, then the rest of it will be refilled, that's what it means.
text:$6,000 out of $7,200 for advertising, $6,000 for advertising, and you'll have to keep it up when you're done, just like you do a card card, and you'll have to save it in advance when you do it, won't you?I don't think so.If you don't call, it's in the card in your account. When you're on the phone, that's what you're talking about. You call another phone, you call another phone, you call the phone, you don't answer the phone, that's the charge. That's the charge. Search your key. That's the charge. See your ad, it's the charge.I don't think so.That's why people click on you on this site and we charge, that's what it means.	labels:What kind of company are you?
text:We're 100 degrees, and we have two big buildings on Long Island in Jiangxia called Peking Science Park.	labels:That's on the spot.
text:For you, where is this place?	labels:Our factory is in Aoyama now.
text:The factory is in Aoyama.I don't think so.Are you a manufacturer yourself? Is there some work you're doing on your own? I signed a client last Saturday. He's a manufacturer himself. He's an Aluminium breaker. What are you doing here?	labels:It's also a big and small brigade.
text:It's also what the big and small brigades do for brands.	labels:What brands, for brands, lots of brands.
text:I have a client. Are you from Jiangxi? You're not from Jiangxi.	labels:Hubei's, but a lot now, yeah.
text:I've got a lot of aluminum windows and windows in Jiangxi, and I have a client who's been here to raise interest for the past week, and he's been in Beijing for more than 10 years, and he's opened a factory at the 16 ditches in East and West Lake, and now he's been working with me in Wuhan for less than a month.	labels:Okay, I'll think about it. Okay, think about it.
text:So where's your company now? Do you usually work at the factory or do you have a separate office at the company? He doesn't.	labels:There should be accountability.I don't think so.For now.
text:I'll tell you what you said about the manager in Aoyama because we have a customer manager out there every day. You're still interested in the site, that's why I've been to see you at the office this afternoon, and I've been to the company to see you about this, so let you know if you're gonna do it or not, and where's your little address at the company?	labels:It's White Cloud Mountain.
text:What is it, Mount White Cloud? How many are the paths? How many are the numbers? White Cloud Road. White Cloud Mountain. Is White Cloud Road 118?	labels:Yes, No. 118, he wrote the words of Nakahin Bay.
text:118th.	labels:Hing Bay, Midyanghua.
text:What's East Side Bay?	labels:East Side Bay.
text:Is it East East East and West North?	labels:Week.
text:China's medium.	labels:Not that one. What's his name?
text:Zhou City Bay, huh?	labels:Chou Peng Bay Peng-hwa's.
text:Pelican or something?	labels:And the pelicans,
text:Zhou Peng Bay, right?	labels:118th.
text:All right, 118, you're here this afternoon, right?	labels:He wants to be early in the afternoon.
text:That's early in the afternoon. That's 2:00. Okay. Okay.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Chen Jing? Hello, this is Wuhan Baidu.	labels:You have it now.I don't think so.You guys still click the deduction fee.
text:Yeah, and we've got a new product on our side called the Infostream. Do you know anything about it?	labels:What do you call a stream of information?
text:Did you know before the search?	labels:We've done that before, but how does the information flow go?
text:That's the way it is, that if someone searches your company's products on any Internet platform, and then when he goes to the news, we take the initiative and push your company's product information into his front page, so that he can see it himself, and then click the button, but it's bigger than a week.	labels:Let me explain to you the key words. Is he taking my company's product or my product?
text:Collections. Search for relevant products, related products.	labels:For some of us, for example, the keywords, he can find out about our company when he says the keywords. What's the news?
text:Do you have a downloader on your phone or a 100-degree browser? If you don't have news, we have three platforms to show you. One is a 100-degree viewer, one is a 100-degree viewer, and the other is a 100-degree viewer.I don't think so.There are a lot of people who download search software on their mobile phones, and if he opens it 100 degrees, he's got the news down there, and when he brushes the news, article 7 is our ad, and then we can give it to him. But it's not random, it's this guy who searched your company's products on a web platform, so we can push your company to him.I don't think so.This way.	labels:What's the cost?
text:It's the same as a week, it's a click charge, but it's very cheap, so maybe a few cents you've been searching for and promoting it. And now you can actually try the information stream, because it's a very good one here, and then you have a very good one.	labels:There's a company where he's done promotion optimization? Yeah, he's feeling okay. He's afraid he'll give you a click on the charge, maybe a little cheaper.
text:But optimising is too broad. If you do the click charge, he's really in need, and he's going to search for you like this.I don't think so.So it's more accurate for the client population? You can try to do the information stream, because it's hot from the beginning of the year.	labels:What you're saying is I can't do things without promoting them.
text:You can do the information stream on your own, and you can save up to $3,000 on the information stream here, and you can send cash vouchers.	labels:He's $3,000, and then he can be like a keyword, which could be limited to the same day's consumption if the previous keywords were promoted.
text:It's the same as most people, and it's the same as backstage, but it's just that it doesn't show the same way.	labels:The question is, what's the difference between it and the biggest difference between the key word? Does it appear, for example, when I say the key word? Like the one I used to say, it'll come out. As long as the money is good enough, he'll be in front, won't he?
text:You said ads on the information stream, didn't you?	labels:Yeah, that's 49.
text:It's the seventh place, the seventh place, every time you refresh it. You see that you refresh it. Every time you refresh it, it's the seventh place, and then it's your ad, 14.	labels:Then.
text:It won't be too thick.	labels:There's not seven or seven on one side, and there's seven on the first page.
text:The first page does not mean that you have six ads in front of you, that you're not in front of you, that you watch other news, and then you insert your company directly into the article 7 news, as is the case.	labels:You can try, you can try, but that's the problem, because if someone were to help us optimize, he could have put me on a website that we used to be there.
text:It's a middle-level website, isn't it?	labels:Yeah, well, the problem is that I might have done this website a year ago, and maybe there's something he might have suggested for me, like how to adjust it, and you guys might not be able to do that.
text:You can do another website, and we can do it on a more favourable basis. That is, if you have time for today, I'll talk to you. Can you hear me? I said if you have time to talk to you today, and then include this section of the site, and then we have a dedicated webmaster on this side of the company, so that he can sort this out for you.	labels:There's no more money on the Internet.
text:We don't have a website on our side right now. You don't have to pay for it.	labels:You don't have to send a website. Yeah, I'll save $3,000 for your information stream.
text:This is because last Thursday we had a discount for the meeting, which is 3000, because you've been open before, right? It's 100 degrees. Last Thursday's event is for old clients, which means that you can re-open the flow of information, and you can send 1000 coupons in advance, which means you're $3,500, you have $4,000 in your account, and you can send it to your website, but it's not going to work, but it's going to be good for you, which is whether you want to use the previous website or whether you want to do it again.	labels:I don't use websites. Your information cash flows to us.
text:The information stream does not need a website, it does not need a website, it can be promoted, and it only needs to be recorded with you.	labels:That's what I'm saying. I mean, I don't need your website, and then you have a $1,000 cash voucher. You give me a favourable contract.
text:I have to apply for this. If you want to do it, I'll be there today.	labels:Is there anything else? Is there any more money, any rules?
text:Rules of the game. That's last Thursday's event. I don't know if there's anything else today, because there's a quota, and I'm going to ask you for a discount, and then I'm going to show you.I don't think so.What time are you coming back?	labels:I usually have a little time in the morning, or you'd better be around 9:00 in the morning.
text:Did you come to your company before? Is your address that way? Right.	labels:Just the Tianxian Square.
text:You get me a specific address.	labels:You can just search it online.I don't think so.Yes or yes.
text:It's a license from the Hyeon Machine and Power Company, isn't it?	labels:This is Wuhan City's Hiroms and Electrical Equipment Company Ltd.
text:And this number is your micromail? I'll add you, and you'll send me the location, okay?	labels:My tweet is cozceog.
text:English.	labels:Letter c c c c c c c Street.
text:Then.	labels:And then the last letter, ctrz.
text:That's it.	labels:Three or three letters are c-tips 11261126, right?
text:All right, I'll add you'll send me the location now. Then I'll call Ho. How's the welcome? Okay, you're busy. I'll leave you alone.	labels:Come back later. Don't come straight, okay?
text:I'm sure I'll come back after the appointment. I'm sure I'm not going to cross it myself, right? I'm going to get your permission, okay? Okay, okay.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello? Can you hear me?	labels:Hello, hello, hello.
text:Mr. Liu, I've been here so long. I haven't heard from you. What are you doing?	labels:Nothing?
text:Now, let's see if you have time to meet and talk about promotion.	labels:I'm not telling you, I don't want to think about it now.
text:I don't know if you've had a product called Infostream before. I haven't mentioned it to you. We have a product stream. I haven't mentioned it to you before.	labels:What a stream.
text:Information stream.	labels:Information stream.
text:Yeah, he does, which means he's going to take your product, based on a client's search and a browsing habit, like pushing your tires on a client's cell phone, which means that intelligence helps you find a customer on a phone, which is the equivalent of that.	labels:On the phone.
text:Yeah, because we're in the middle of a cell phone right now. What do you think? I've been talking to you for a long time, haven't I?	labels:Because it's not talk, because it's true I don't want to do that with the truth.
text:Have you thought about telling you this about your headlines? Who's headlines?	labels:Today's headline.
text:It's a promotion for them too. Oh.	labels:I know.I don't think so.What's the quick report on Toku Bridge?
text:They're all told there's some information. He's got information with you, and he's got credit in it. Ads, ads, ads.	labels:Right.
text:There's one good thing about our 100 degrees is that we have this in 100 degrees, and you know whether we have a lot of backstage support for big data like 100 degrees of map, so it's based on a client's habit of browsing and searching, which is that he has previously searched these things and pushed your tires to people who need him.I don't think so.That's right, you said when I'd meet you in person. That's not exactly what I'm talking about. Now, it's only been a long time since it came out because it's a letter or a stream of ads, so the price is information.	labels:The flow of information comes out as well.I don't think so.A few years you didn't get more than a year.
text:From.	labels:Our phone, or something, or a flash report, often means cleaning every day.
text:But how do you say he has it, but it's very small in size, and you have it before the headlines?I don't think so.But some of its ads are very small, they are very small in scope, and now the word is that both today's headlines and we are doing a lot of work to promote the flow of information, like one of our most important products of this year.	labels:What's the cost?
text:This cost is just 3,000, uh, 5400, so long as it is, and it is, a very cheap price for one click at the price of a click, which is 55.6 cents.	labels:Right.
text:So it's a very high value for money.	labels:That means repeating the deduction of fees.
text:I repeat, it's the first thing I tell you about the cash flow, it's not a charge. Yeah, he's, he's a pusher, he's probably saying that if you don't push a man once, you can't just say he doesn't need it again. But he's not going to click on him like, uh, like, a big search, and he's going to find it when he's on his own, right? You're going to push me like I'm going to.	labels:I know basically what you're talking about is that you turn on the news, and it's all of a sudden it's got a mess under it, and it's a mess.
text:Yeah, it's like a flyer, isn't it?	labels:Know this know.
text:Okay.	labels:It's 5560 cents, isn't it?
text:It's cheap to click on. Look at when you say it's convenient. I'm here to tell you more about it.	labels:If it's convenient, he'll buy it again. I'll do it for a week. I'll do it for you.
text:Do you have time for next Thursday?	labels:Next Thursday.
text:That's right, number 10.I don't think so.It's too long, isn't it? Well, we have a meeting on the 10th, and we have an invitation, just like these bosses to this meeting, and a detailed presentation of some comparative data on our information flow, and some specific knowledge of how to do a risk product.I don't think so.You see, you have a big discount that day. Do you think if you had time, you'd have had time to come over?	labels:Let's get that in there.
text:Let's talk about it. We'll talk about it later.	labels:Not now.
text:Okay, I mean, are you interested or not?	labels:I can't say I asked. I'll get to know it later.
text:To be specific, I would also like to briefly introduce you today.I don't think so.So I mean, if there's still time, I'll meet you first. Do you have time for the weekend?	labels:This weekend? That's right. Today, Sunday, Monday, Friday, today, Friday. Tomorrow, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Tuesday, Monday.
text:Tuesday, right? Okay. Can I meet you Monday?	labels:I think it's Monday Tuesday.
text:Yeah, I'll call you then, okay?	labels:All right, you can just send a micro-mail from me, okay?
text:I'll send you a message. I'll talk to you later.I don't think so.Okay.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mr. Chan, I'm from Pedo. We've been in touch with you before. When are you going to do this on your network?	labels:I don't know, I want us.
text:The boss arranged it? Mr. Hsia? Didn't you tell Mr. Shaw you're in charge of this?	labels:I'm in charge, but I want him to set it up.
text:Do you have any plans for your company?	labels:Talk to him.
text:You want to talk to him? Does this mean you have any other questions about the promotion of this block?	labels:That's what you're promoting, so we can't open that website now, and we're doing it again, which means the domain name doesn't change, and then we're doing it again.
text:You can keep it.I don't think so.You said that.	labels:And then I'm gonna talk to him about the price, and I'm gonna talk to him about the price, you know?
text:That's why you want to keep your previous domain name. That's possible. You can keep your original domain name, but if you change the contents here, you change them. What's the content of the site?	labels:Dot looks comfy.
text:A little bit of atmosphere, right? Because, you know, there's some kind of preferential activity that we're doing on our website, and we're doing it together, and you know it here. That means we know the price of 100 degrees.I don't think so.Yeah.	labels:Now you're telling me it's like this.
text:If you have a space domain name, it means that if you do a website alone, the 100-degree cost is approximately $5,000, but if you do it with 100-degree promotion, the site will cost 1888, including space domain fees, a design fee for later maintenance, and a later maintenance fee. If you retain your original space domain name at a later stage, it will be 600 less, and 12 million 88 will help you to do it.I don't think so.If you do it, it's a generic business template site, which means it can't be designed primarily on the basis of one of your companies' needs.	labels:Your Internet lending isn't putting our company on a 100-degree homepage.
text:That means you've made a website, right?I don't think so.If you don't maintain this possibility for a long time, you won't be able to go up 100 degrees, if you don't get it back. If you're going to do it, you're going to be able to search it with a key word. You're going to be doing a back-up, and you're going to be able to show it on a 100-degree front page, so your client will be able to see your company's information in the first hour, right?I don't think so.And then he'll go straight into this section of your website.	labels:Tell me you're doing a 100-degree promotion and how much money I've got together?
text:If the total is 8088, including the space domain name, you keep the previous space domain name on your side by $600 or more.	labels:More than $7000, and then client visits are charged on the basis of the number of hits.
text:For effective access, for example, I end up with the word landscape. Then, if my client searches the landscape on 100 degrees, only the fee will be found, and only if you visit your website and see the information from your company will the fee be deducted, and no fee will be paid.	labels:It's so expensive.
text:He might say it's more expensive than anything else, say I pay $56,000 a year, and I'll do it in a year, right?	labels:But I'm telling you that you're going to spend more than $8,000 on internet promotion and website development, and that's what we used to do with other people's companies. He's a year old, and then we're going to have a hundred headlines, and we're going to have more than 4,000 dollars a year.
text:A year, huh?	labels:I am.
text:I'm telling you, Mr. Chan, that's an optimist, because I'm a network player myself, so I think I know this one better.I don't think so.What's the difference between 100 degrees and optimisation? Optimization can only help you to optimize three or four keywords or four or five keywords, and it's charged with keywords, which means, for example, that I optimize three or four keywords for you, and then three or four thousand dollars or about four or five thousand dollars a year, and then, including the website, I can say, by searching for the keywords, that you can line up at 100 degrees, but it can't guarantee that you are in a position, because optimization is rather unstable, and if it optimizes, it will be in 100 degrees, do you know?	labels:Is more than $800,000 a year or something? No.
text:If it is the site, you will only have to keep it regularly for free every year, and the site will be useful if it is not available later on.I don't think so.Here's the promotion fee: $6,200 is divided into an annual service fee and a pre-deposit deposit, which means we'll arrange for a customer's service to help you write your ideas, help you maintain your backstage and enhance your outreach, which means we'll arrange someone to help you optimize your website, okay?I don't think so.Then $5,000 is in your 100-degree account.	labels:That means there's only $5,000 saved.
text:If you do 100 degrees later, we'll give you a 100-degree account, and then you can.	labels:5,000 dollars is 5,000 dollars a year on deposit.
text:He's like a pre-deposit deposit. I'll give you an example. It's like a phone deposit, right?I don't think so.I'll save 100 bucks for it.	labels:I'll make a call. There's $5,000 in over 8,000 bucks.
text:That's a pre-arranged fee, which means it's a cost of promoting your website.	labels:That means you do the website and you maintain a total of over 3,000 dollars, and then 5,000 dollars is deposited.
text:For $5,000 is.	labels:And then later, uh, there's no cost.
text:If you say so later, you're doing a 100-degree promotion. You think it's good or good, and I'm getting a list on it, and I can see my website on the front page, and there's a lot of counseling calls, and I think it's good, and I can keep saving it in my 100-degree account, because that $5,000 is equivalent to cell phone charges, right?	labels:It'll be used when it's finished.
text:When you're done, you're gonna have to put it in there.	labels:Don't charge anything else? You don't need $1,000 to pay back later.I don't think so.It will be collected on an annual basis.
text:The service fee is paid annually.	labels:The annual service fee is 1,200.
text:Dollars a year.	labels:We pay $1,200 a year and then we save up $5,000 when we run out of it.
text:That's right.	labels:$5,000 doesn't have a split, fix how much a day it's used like that.
text:You can set it up backstage, for example, if you want to set up $100 a day for my website, I can set it up at $50 a day for my website, and I can set it up.I don't think so.It's basically a plan of your company, and you want to say that my company will be able to show it on a 100-degree priority, so that more customers can see what you can do. Then we're doing a 100-degree extension. Why do you have an annual service fee?	labels:You've got a charge for your keywords.
text:That's what this is about. It's a 100-degree charge based on keywords.	labels:For example, if you help us with the promotion, you'll do the promotion. Which key do you have in the first place?
text:This is where you set up your company primarily for the gardening project, right?I don't think so.For example, because I'm not a customer-server on my side, I can only say a little wider, like the landscape, and you can set it up as a key word, see what you do in the north of the lake, right? Or in the north of the country.	labels:Do I have to charge a fee for setting a keyword?
text:Yes, for example, I set the price of the landscape key at a dollar. Then my client went through the landscape key at 100 degrees, found your company and visited it, and I'll deduct a dollar from your $5,000 advance deposit, that's what it means.	labels:I know I'm saying how you charge the keywords.
text:The keywords are free of charge.	labels:We're only doing promotions, that's 3,000 bucks. That's what we're talking about, isn't it?
text:I told you the first deposit was $5,000 and then $1,200.	labels:You have to save this, don't you?
text:Right.	labels:It's for storage, it's for the conversion costs themselves.I don't think so.Yeah, that means what else you charge for.
text:In addition, it is the annual service fee of $1,200, which means that we serve you here, and then there is a website, because you want to change your website? The cost of the website is 1888 if you don't change it.	labels:It covers 1888 percent and then saves another 5,000 dollars. That's what 6,000 dollars means, isn't it?
text:That's right. That's 8088.	labels:Nothing added more than 8,000.
text:A $5,000 advance deposit, right?	labels:This.
text:It's in your 100-degree account for your client to go to the consumption point and visit your website for consumption, right?I don't think so.There's an annual service fee of $1,200. That's an average of $100 a month. We'll give you a customer's service. We'll help you develop a plan to optimize your backstage, right? And there's a website fee of 1888, and I'll give you an estimate of 1888. It's a space domain fee of $600, a website design of 1,1288, and a later maintenance fee, which means you're saying I'm going to give you an example, that you've done it in 100 degrees, that you've done it, that you've done it well, that you've accumulated a certain number of customers, that I can stop doing it, but I'd like to keep my website, that's still available at that time.I don't think so.This site is meant to be yours for the rest of your life. You just have to pay the space domain fee on time, otherwise you won't be able to open it at a later stage.	labels:That means that if I do or don't make a change, it's more than $8,000.
text:If you change it, you can save space domain names by $600 less.	labels:If you don't do it, you'll have to do it more, won't you?
text:I thought your old website wouldn't open.	labels:You can open it, just sometimes you can't open it, sometimes you can open it.
text:The instability may be unstable. You don't have your website on file. I don't know. Which side of the site are you working on?	labels:I don't know much about websites, do I?
text:Because, for example, there are websites that you're looking for, like, which Internet company you're looking for, did he file a file or what kind of website, he's unstable and he can't open, and you're mostly on the site, so would you mind telling me about the domain name?	labels:The domain name is.
text:Lake North Gardens.com? Yeah. I can't open it.	labels:Did you tear it up? It's too much to open up.
text:Do you have a three-wire dot on your side? Do you have a three-wire dot on your side? I find your website is really unstable, it's not open, it's often unstable, and it's not open. If it's on this side, it might say when the first site on your side is going to be made?	labels:Because we learned about the corn before the jade groves, then we didn't know what had been downgraded, then we chose, and then we changed a domain name at the end of last year.
text:If you don't have the first Internet company, and the first one, and the second one, if you don't have it on file, it'll affect the speed of your website, okay?I don't think so.If you want to keep your website open or if you want to keep your previous site, we can do it free of charge.	labels:You send me your phone number, I'll talk to our boss, I'll call you back, you come back, we'll talk, okay?
text:All right, if there's anything else on your side, I'll help you out.	labels:If you come over, I'll talk to you later. I don't know what I'm talking about right now.
text:I'll send you my contact details later. After all, there's something in the phone that we can't communicate. I'll help you sort out a file, then I'll write you something, and I'll tell you in person.I don't think so.Okay, I'll give you my contact details later. I'll wait for your call. All right. You're busy. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Is this Miss Chan?	labels:Can I help you?
text:We're doing some other training in the studio, and that's all the musical training. Do we have any online enrolments?I don't think so.Has it ever worked with us? Has it? So, we're backstage statistics in the Wuhan area, and we're looking at guitars, and the pianos are all over 1,000 of these words a day, and he's probably trying to report a training course to me for his children.I don't think so.Does our company intend to do a promotion on the 100 degrees? Not yet. Because you already have your own website, right?	labels:Website.
text:That guy's got a lot of traffic, that's why he's got a lot of client consultations?	labels:We're still mostly under the line.
text:Underline, because it's a trend, especially in institutions like you, where most of them now have their own web sites, because many people are now accustomed to searching online, knowing that we already have a web site, right?I don't think so.There it is.	labels:If that is the case now, it has not been taken into account and is not on the agenda.
text:That's why you're at the piano training school. We're usually a little more likely to sign up for the summer break, right?	labels:Not necessarily.
text:I don't know. I think this is what I'm looking at backstage for, like, May-July, and the months of February-April might be a little bit higher, huh?	labels:The police may have deviated from him because of the phenomenon of the search.
text:We've all been working with our company a little bit more, like Wuhan Tang Rhyming School of Music, you know? And Wuhanbecks Cultural Consulting Limited, they're all working with us, and they're spending about 1504 a month, and then the average annual rate of renewal is seven times, which means that it's still good to do it here.I don't think so.Other aspects, such as education and training in particular, are relatively more efficient online.	labels:Perhaps not for the time being.
text:Because that's what it is, your website, right? The purpose of your website is to do one is to consult with the client, and then sign up on the other line. The main site is already available.I don't think so.If you have a website, for example, and if you work with us, you just need to set some keywords, and then your potential clients, who want to train, will search 100 degrees, and you'll have a direct link to your website, and you'll have a large number of potential clients.	labels:I know.
text:Maybe that's a lot bigger than you're a real-world customer, and if you get this one-on-one consultation on the line, it's a little faster than this one-on-line job.	labels:The conditions may not be ripe.
text:The condition is that you are the cause, which is the reason to consider.	labels:This is something that should be done around next year.
text:Because here's the thing, because it's supposed to be development, especially the Internet, and now it's more competitive with your industry, and it's more cooperative with our company, and now we've got a couple of promotions, and if you have one, you probably don't know much about our product?	labels:I'm very clear.
text:It's clear, isn't it?	labels:The front 100 degrees have been searched many times.
text:For what specific reason do you want to think about it?	labels:As on the Internet, we do not have anyone who does it for the time being.
text:That means your website is not mature for online consultations, is it?	labels:And we don't have a website to maintain right now.
text:In general, this aspect is that the cost of the investment should not be significant, not if it is the same as if I were working with our 100-degree company, which we can take care of for you.	labels:We don't do this now anyway.
text:Sir, you know something about our product, don't you?I don't think so.If you have time, we can send someone who knows more about a customer manager in your training industry, which companies you're working with, and you're in the middle of the season, and then you can analyze it and you can have it.	labels:Come on.
text:Which one is it?	labels:Which one of you?
text:This way.	labels:We had to buy it.
text:You've been here, haven't you? You've already told me. You've thought about it, haven't you?	labels:But what you're saying is that you're not going to do it, and you're going to do it next year.
text:You'll do it next year. But because you're on cold vacation now, it's probably around October, and maybe around December it's gonna be a good season for your industry, right?	labels:In August.
text:In the winter break, for example, if you cooperate with us now, some of the preparations for the pre-period should be made, and the online effect should be immediately visible by the end of the year.	labels:That doesn't have to be cold or bad.
text:I don't think so for the time being, do I?	labels:For the time being, it's next year.
text:Next year, huh? Good. I hope you get better and better at work. Then why don't you work with us when your business gets bigger next year?	labels:Okay.
text:Don't bother with your work now, okay, bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is this Yu Wai Air Conditioning Co. Ltd.? Hello, my name is Wang Hua. It's Mr. Chan. Have you thought about doing some online outreach on 100 degrees?	labels:We don't have time for what we're talking about, we're busy.
text:You've been busy lately, haven't you?	labels:Yeah, we're busy at the end of the year, so it's been over a hundred times, and I told them about it, and I said we'd wait till next year, and then we'd do something about it, and we'd call you later, okay?
text:Mr. Chen, because it's also our side now means there's a user event, and this side of the net means that if the promotion works with the site and we do it together, we'll have $1,300 before Thursday, you know?	labels:We are.
text:The website is ready.	labels:Yes, we can find it online, but there's no specific unit to help us do a systematic maintenance, or...
text:What's your address, let me see.	labels:One of you, Yussa, should know that he's been trying to contact me, and I don't know very well that I rarely go up there, because we're not going to do this right now, and we're going to do it, so we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, so we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, so we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it.
text:That's right, isn't it?I don't think so.Because I also signed a piece in the first half of this year, also like you, called the Men of the Century Trading Co. Ltd., and I've been doing it for most of the year, and it's been working pretty well.	labels:You're charging for the number of hits, aren't you?
text:To charge for a valid access according to your keyword?	labels:Did we last talk about any other way to charge?
text:There's a hundred degrees here for this kind of fee, which, according to you, would avoid a waste of your ads.I don't think so.If it doesn't work on your side, why don't you spend your money on it?I don't think so.So we charge you on your side, if only the client searches a key word that you have set on your side, that is, your business, and accesses your website, we charge you, so your ad gives you a valid ad, right?	labels:What do you call the unit over here, Four Seasons.I don't think so.Where's his registered address?
text:Over there at the bridge.	labels:Yeah.
text:Their boss's name is Lo.	labels:There's not much at the bridge. There's probably only one or two of them doing the business on that side.
text:He says he's mostly a windmill.	labels:Wind vs. wind vs. wind vs. wind vs. valves.
text:For doing these products.	labels:But it's not clear.I don't think so.I thought there were dozens of families on our side.
text:You're over there, right? He's over there at the bridge. He's over there at the bridge.	labels:Bo Fung Road is the one that owns the big hotel, as if there's a comparative comparison there.
text:He's a new company that's just been set up. It's only been set up this year.	labels:It was only this year that it was established.
text:To his boss.	labels:Where's the boss?
text:The boss is from Guizhou. He used to be from Zhejiang, from the airport.I don't think so.That's right, isn't it? Yeah.	labels:Because Wuhan's business on this side is still good.
text:To Wuhan right now, because Wuhan you know that the fireplace city's air conditioning unit is pretty hot on Wuhan's side. Okay.	labels:I'm just saying we've been busy since the start of the year. I'll see what I can do when the start of the year, okay?
text:That's what you say, Mr. Chen. That's what I understand, but the question is, because it's basically a price increase every year, you know?	labels:We have enough business now, and I can't convince my partners to do this.
text:If it doesn't matter, let's say you're going to promote it. It's not that you're going to be able to go online now. When you're going to go online, we're going to have a plan to go online. You're going to have to go online when you're sure you're going to go online.	labels:That's it.
text:You can say that there are preferential activities now. When you have set this block down, then when your business is open, or when your business is not busy this year, you can put the ad on the line so flexible that you can be on the line at any time, or you can suspend your account at any time.	labels:That's it, right.
text:You can also say that when business is too busy, you can set a limit on your outreach and also limit the number of keywords.	labels:Yeah, I'm on a business trip in Hunan. I'll talk to you when I get back, okay?
text:What number are you going back to Wuhan?I don't think so.You're not sure, are you?	labels:I'll be back when I've been busy.
text:Yeah, your me, the company's license is now registered? I don't think you had a license before.	labels:Now I'm done with the name and the name, and we can't register it, so it's all changed and I'm in the bank account.
text:What's our registered name now?	labels:It's beautiful. Yeah, it's beautiful. Nee's the kid's Lil, a girl called a girl.
text:Yoo-hoo, this looks like a pretty girl's name.	labels:I didn't know my partner went over there to do it, and he wrote his name, and then I went down and I did, and I didn't change my name. That's the name.I don't think so.Well, this is our pre-registration period that passed through my side of the bank's general account a few days ago.
text:Wasn't our license still coming down because I just looked at her name without a license.I don't think so.Nice and beautiful, isn't it?	labels:Then.
text:Pear is a woman's word plus one.	labels:A fucking horse.
text:Who's Ree?	labels:The nuns.
text:Because I just checked if his corporate name is Oh Yin-yee or Gao-Li.	labels:Not Chen Wei, my name is Chen.
text:Wei, right?	labels:For us in Yellow Hills.
text:Which one's great?	labels:Be nice to me the other night. We'll meet up at the Yellow Shirt.
text:I'll call you Wang Hua. I'll send you a text from my personal contact. Can you save it for me? We'll talk to you later when you get back from Hunan?	labels:Okay.
text:You're busy. Okay, bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mr. Wang is like this, so I saw you making a mill on your side, and I saw you making a website on your side, right?	labels:Where did you see that?
text:I mean, I saw one of your files on a website above the Ministry of Information, and then I saw it, and you used your personal tweets to do something like that, right?	labels:Deliberately and unintentionally doing it.
text:I know that, and I'd like to ask you if you're going to do this simulation, and then you're going to do some training equipment on the Internet, and then you're going to do it on the website.	labels:It's a website, isn't it?I don't think so.This is when I set up the website.
text:I know what he meant to do with you to optimize this piece.I don't think so.Well, have you ever known this piece like 100 degrees of promotion?	labels:I'm not sure there's some models in 100-degree promotion.
text:Is that what you're doing with the simulations?	labels:I'm a Universal Simulator.
text:It's a product that's just a proxy for all nations.	labels:This is the case for all nations, and we are mainly focusing on the operation of various analogue devices.
text:I know that simulators have many kinds of things, I mean.	labels:It's like a sea model carrier that belongs to a simulator or something. It's the car simulator that's been hit, and it's a driver's license.
text:So some kind of simulator for a driving test or something, right?	labels:Now you're putting this thing right now.
text:Your business is like a simulator, isn't it?	labels:Right.
text:Have you searched 100 degrees of your business for any of these keywords?	labels:Did you?
text:You will find that your company's colleagues, who have a lot of information about your company's peers, have information on their company's website in front of the first page of the 100-degree search results.	labels:It's kind of like that.
text:If you don't have a business, do you think your own website is on the search result phone?I don't think so.They're acting for Tsui Jiabao, right?	labels:We're going to learn about car stars, agent.
text:He's also on his behalf, but he's also on his side, and he's on his own, right?I don't think so.Have you thought about doing this kind of publicity in your business?	labels:Consider how much it costs to see what it takes.
text:Well, that means you have a license, and your website's coming out, right?	labels:We're officially certified.
text:Yeah, and that's what we're promoting, which means you're submitting keywords, such as driving auto simulators or driving simulators, and we're going to make a link to your website.I don't think so.And when someone searches the Internet, for example, using a key word like a simulator, the information on your company's website will be displayed on the front page of the 100-degree search based on one of your bids for the key word. Do you understand that?	labels:Right.
text:Our model is basically like this, so when someone else searches, your company's website information shows up free of charge, and charges are withheld only when someone else hits it.I don't think so.That's one of those forms.	labels:You know some forms of deduction, yeah.I don't think so.For example, we're going to have to invest in what's not.
text:That's what we're paying for, isn't it?I don't think so.You will be required to have a minimum pre-arranged advertising fee for the period ahead, because this means that the minimum pre-arranged advertising fee is 5,000 starters, and then a 12-200-year annual service fee, which is your late advertising fee. Depending on how long it takes, you can take it. It should be said that it works well online, and you can renew it when you run out of it.	labels:How about this? What's your name?
text:Wuhan Bucket Online Technology Ltd. is on the other side of the Great Wall of Jiangxia.	labels:It's not far from me.
text:If you want to know more about this section, we can talk about some of your business.	labels:How about this? My website has been certified, certified and approved by the network, and on the one hand, Beijing is in line.
text:There are no major problems, and pre-trial tests have been put in place and established.	labels:It's coming down right now.
text:It's already down.	labels:For you.
text:No attention should be paid to it, since it was submitted yesterday night at 2 p.m. and then came down this afternoon.	labels:It's not that I'm back from Guangzhou, and I'm here to serve and ask for more money. I'm probably on my side, because of the old man.
text:I'm sure your family's probably in charge, I understand.	labels:Yeah, but business still works.
text:Yes, I'm sure you know I'm not lying to you when you say you've done everything in Wuhan, right?I don't think so.He's been working with us for a long time. He's been working with us for, like, two years now. They're the pro-car star.I don't think so.You search Xu's Fort.com is their website. They do it themselves. They also sign an agency contract between Beijing and Beijing. That's what they represent. And, yes.	labels:Xu's name seems to have been created by the East.
text:I don't know, but they got it right now at Wuhan's agent Vanch.	labels:Old Chang there.
text:I don't know what my name is, but I know they've been working with us all along, and they've done very well, to be honest.I don't think so.That is, because your company did it, then did it on your own website, and then promoted it, believing that we could do some business expansion with you.	labels:All right? You know we've seen it on the website, and you probably know it, don't you?I don't think so.For example, we're going to have any connections, we're going to work with our hometowns, we're going to join forces, we're going to say something, and we're going to update something, so because I don't get it, there's not even a group here.
text:About this piece of yours online?	labels:Right.
text:Of course, it's a small problem. There's no big problem. Your website's been filed by the Ministry of Information. There's nothing else.	labels:So you see who your company is and you'll introduce me.
text:Do you think you have time for this afternoon or tomorrow?	labels:Afternoon.
text:You're at the New Village of the Five-lan Railways, aren't you?	labels:Yes, the South Gate of Wunan Lake Industrial University.
text:It's the new village of the Five-lan Railway, isn't it?	labels:It's the University South Gate.
text:Have you been here all afternoon?	labels:It's always been there. It's okay.
text:We're here to arrange for our professional client manager to come and talk to you about this, okay?	labels:All right, all right.
text:What's the main name of your agent's product?	labels:We're currently representing Xu Jiabao.
text:Is this also Xu's Fort?	labels:Right.
text:The first thing I saw on the Internet was the company that I just told you about.	labels:I'm telling you, this distribution simulator is not limited to a brand, it's someone else.
text:As long as you search the Internet, I know what you mean. You say that you can be found directly if you search the car simulator on the Internet, regardless of what product you sell, the car simulator or the car driver has a lot of brands, and you can do a lot of brands.	labels:I've just been at six factories in Guangzhou and one in Shenzhen.I don't think so.I'm not talking about a brand, for the moment.
text:I understand what you're saying, so it's a good business, so it's a good business, just like Vanch, and I said this afternoon we're gonna have a professional customer manager come over and talk to you about this, okay?	labels:All right, all right.
text:You've been here all afternoon, haven't you?	labels:It's always been there.
text:Okay, I'll see you in the afternoon. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mr. Wang can talk now.	labels:Say it.
text:I was just talking to you. Right, because Mr. Wang was driving? Well, Mr. Wang was helping you with a comprehensive picture, whether it's a sign ad or, like you said earlier, you're doing this one or two times a day.I don't think so.Yes, and then you ask me, when you're a friend like Wuhan, do you know that they're in the Braden Box, like a new-thinking friend ad, including the fact that you're supposed to be an old customer to Wuhan?I don't think so.He specializes in outdoor advertising.	labels:We are predominantly quantitative.
text:Including some new thinking about big outdoors. What did you just say you were doing in quantitative terms? What do you mean, mass?	labels:It's either the amount or the light.
text:It's a soul ad.I don't think so.Yeah, as I've just seen, a lot of places like Ktv that want to be searched online, and they just told you, they're searching online, like KTV's outdoor billboard billboards, and they're doing an online search, and they're doing over 100 lawsuits every day because they're here, and I'm here for you, okay? He's coming to you, he's coming to you, he's coming to you, he's thinking about working with you, he's trying to advertise.I don't think so.Your company was founded in '08. I said it was founded in '08. You see, in '58, in '56, in '56, in fact what they say, in '56, they've been doing for so long. They're like the ones I just told you, if you're doing an outdoor ad, whether it's a zero light or a sign.I don't think so.They've been working with Pepsi in '08. Do you think it's 14 years in '08? After all these years, if there's no money, no benefits, they've been competing with Pepsi, you're the boss, and you know it?	labels:How does it work?
text:The total cost is as follows: the first opening is $5,000. For $50, $5,000, then $1,200 a year.I don't think so.What I've just told you about this $5,000 is the first pre-existing account, just like your cell phone bill, Mr. Wang, when the client is your intended client? Like a client who wants to advertise for you, through a key word I've just told you, like a Wuhan ad, like a Wuhan phone ad, because when they come up with your successful access to your website, they take a few cents out of your $5,000. We're a valid deduction.I don't think so.Yeah, and then what did you do with $1,200?I don't think so.It's a one-on-one, professional customer service. They're basically developing one of your ads, one of your outdoors.	labels:The annual cost is still one.
text:Year after year, the client serves you for a year.	labels:Six thousand dollars a year.
text:No, it's not like that. We don't give customers a lot of money. How long does it take for them to make their own decisions?	labels:It's a year's service, isn't it?
text:For your later training, you'll be presented with some precise keywords, and you'll see who's looking for them on the Internet, which is holographic maintenance.I don't think so.And here's the bill for the ad. I'd like to ask Mr. Wang, you'll have your own website.	labels:Your own website.
text:I'm telling you, you're on a giraffe right now, aren't you?I don't think so.You know what you're renting a store? It's free, but it's not possible to say that you use a shop for promotion because it's like something. If you do it, what are you doing? Are you drawing it? Are you sure you want a website for yourself, you want a website for yourself, and you want a website for yourself?	labels:Make sure you meet the feeling.I don't think so.So which is the process?
text:Yeah, there's your contact information on this site, and your address includes what you've got on it, for example, who you've done with before, and you can spread your slogans. How did you do it, how did you do it, how did you do it, how did it work?I don't think so.So what this site means is that it's expensive to build, and it's the same for all of China, you know? It's the cost of operating space. We're paying 100% because we have a cost, because we have a witness company working with 100%, and they're doing a 100% extension, so he's paying 2088 dollars, and you're looking for someone else. You can go to the head of the country in private. You can consult health companies.I don't think so.Two or three thousand.	labels:Three or four thousand websites because we're supposed to do it ourselves.
text:You can do it.	labels:Should be able to.
text:Mr. Wang is very capable, and this is a good piece, and I don't have time for Mr. Wang this afternoon. It's 11 a.m., January 13th, and I'm going to have a face-to-face interview with Mr. Wang this afternoon, because I still have one more service here.I don't think so.Take this backstage, including the one you just told you about, and they're on it. What's the pattern they're making, and what's the effect? Can you take it? Let's take it this afternoon. We'll take a look at it from 2 to 4 p.m. on the 13th, so it's about 3 p.m., and it's not convenient for you to see who you are?	labels:You know you guys aren't really ah ah ah ah
text:When I say I go, it makes me feel like you're being sincere, because if you're not interested, or if you don't want to cooperate with us, you won't ask, will you?I don't think so.Yes, I think Mr. Wang is also very cautious, and that's the way it should be.I don't think so.Are we from 100 degrees?I don't think so.Our company is on the other side of the island, because we used to have our own I.D., our client manager has his own I.D., and we have a business card, right?	labels:Wait a minute. I'm kind of in the middle of something right now, okay?
text:There's something going on right now. I'll give it to you later. Don't worry about it.	labels:Yeah. Well, my way, then the adjustment we've just analysed, and then we'll know who knows the method is probably 300 or more.
text:There's gotta be an outdoor lights commercial on this side.	labels:Need me to feel like I don't need to be decorated without him. No, it's definitely not them.
text:The client said he had a relationship to build his own website. This is in.	labels:The giraffe ad.
text:Yeah. Well, I guess you used to copy it with him anyway. I'll probably introduce it.	labels:Right.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Is this Manager Peng here?	labels:Where's the host?
text:You do the world's doors and windows. Here's the thing, because you have more than 4,000 people who make a search every day, like you turn doors and windows, to ask if our company is thinking about doing a website and publicity on 100 degrees, and then you search one against the Wuhan metal doors and windows, or the Wuhan switch gates, and your company can be at the top of the 100 degrees.	labels:100 degrees inside I've done it before.
text:Didn't you sign up for a company called the New Year's Window? I was the manager of the 100-Do side last night.	labels:You've got the information. My company hasn't registered yet, yes.
text:Because I saw your information at home last night, because I'm doing it here on the 100-degree side, and I have more customers at the money transfer door in Shanghai, so I'm gonna give you a call and I'm gonna talk to you about the money transfer door, and you're basically doing the money transfer door and window, right?	labels:Doors and windows.
text:Do you know the golden branch? The gold branch, the Wuhan branch, the east wing, the Ito, and the credit, are all in my head, and I want to open a transfer door, and they're doing a good job, because I'm sensitive to the industry, and I'm trying to consult our company, which doesn't have a plan to do website and publicity on 100 degrees.	labels:Didn't wait for me to come down.
text:Well, you know, I've had my client's license before, and they've got your pre-trial name out, and then on Wednesday, you'll have everything figured out because our company has a marketing meeting on Wednesday at Welding, on Han Street, at the Van Dagava Hotel, and then there's about an owner from 5 to 800 businesses, because we're close to $1,000 less cash than we signed after the meeting, so it's still a good deal, and he's gonna make you a PC-end website, and he's gonna make you a computer site, and he's gonna make you a website on a mobile phone.I don't think so.You can come over here and find out what we're feeling. You can learn from our colleagues. What do you think about Mr. Chan?	labels:You're 100 degrees what you do for a year.
text:Not that you've done 100 degrees before, we're called the Baeji Group on Wuhan's side, then we're acting as a general agent for the whole of Hubei province, which is done by our company, and we're paying for it by valid clicks.	labels:Click for reciprocity.
text:You should've done it before, right?	labels:That's not the name I used to do.
text:You must have done something else before, right? This is just a company you signed up for. You're going to promote the new century, right? So you don't need a penny if you're here tomorrow or if you have time to come to our marketing meeting tomorrow.	labels:I don't have time for tomorrow. I'm a housekeeper tomorrow, and I'm opening this room.
text:There's a showroom to open. If you have time for tomorrow afternoon, I can arrange for a manager to bring you everything on top of our meeting today.	labels:You're going too fast. It doesn't matter.
text:Because if you've been in touch with 100 degrees before, you know we've been in touch with 100 degrees before, and we've been in the past to tell you everything about the preferential activity that preceded this meeting, and you've decided how to prepare this block for a follow-up, then you should know that we used to just bring you one of the preferential activity on our floor to help you understand the business, and you think later, you'll know that you have something in mind, don't you, Mr. Chen?	labels:I asked if I'd changed my name before.
text:You think the first site was changed according to your previous standards, right? Right? And he's probably about to expire, if you've made a previous site with a domain name and space, right? We're actually doing a very cost-effective redo, and he's $1,300, including $1,300 for your two sites, and you want $1,300 for our 100, including your two websites, one on PC-end computer, and one on your cellular website. It's 800 dollars for our domain name and space, which means $500 for us, and we're doing this for a better promotion of our clients. You know what?	labels:We started with me for years. We started with 3800, we started with 38003000, we had 3,000 dollars, right.
text:That was 3600 we drove back a long time ago, wasn't it?	labels:3600 looks like.
text:It's 3600, right? 600,600 for services and 3,000 for pre-deposit? That's when it was.	labels:Right.
text:Isn't that right?	labels:At first, I've been doing it for five years, and I still have my domain name, and that's all there is.
text:I'm worried that your domain name and space will expire by then, and your previous website must have been different, right?I don't think so.We're being designed independently of your new needs.I don't think so.So I'd like to apply to you for a client manager in the afternoon, so you might want to know more about tomorrow's preferential event on the venue. Because at the end of the year, like us, it's like stainless steel, and it's a lot bigger every day over 100 degrees, so that you can promote it and make some money back home. What do you think?	labels:I'm just saying that the whole site design thing is going to involve you?
text:For $1,300, what we're doing here is a cell phone site and a computer site, $6,200, and now it's $7,500, and if it's about $8,800 after the meeting, that's a flat national price, you know?	labels:So.
text:If we do this now, we'll have a savings of about $1,300. That's what I'm saying.I don't think so.Yes, I can arrange for the manager to come over and meet and communicate the details. Because you were an old client of our 100th, you must know how it works, right? So say me.	labels:It's going to cost more, it's going to cost more.
text:It's expensive, you think you want a Wu-han to move now, and I'll give you a simple comparison, and it's more expensive than it is? You know the key word, Wu-han, and the key word, Wu-han, is moving, and one click is basically around $20, but they usually click twice, he's got a client account, and the more they pay, the more they get.I don't think so.There's nothing you can do about this now, is there? There's more than 20 bucks a time. There's nothing you can do about it. You can't make more money than 20 bucks a time, right?I don't think so.Because I'm also specializing in your business, and I've just told you, I'm more open, and they're more visible and effective, because you're not like someone else's technology, you're not like someone else's service industry, because what you're doing is real, and someone else needs it to click on you, right?I don't think so.Especially if it's like turning doors and technical windows and doors, because it's working, right?I don't think so.You think.	labels:There are also some key points that some here are not valid devaluations.
text:You're doing a lot of things a few years ago, and I don't know if there's anything like this. Now we're doing this on an independent IP address, for example, right now that someone's clicking on this thing?I don't think so.He clicks in, and if you think he's an invalid or someone clicked in bad faith, you can look at this address. If he clicks again, and you block the Ip section, he's not coming in, or he's not going to pull the money. You're saving $5,000 for a phone fee. How long does it take for someone else to spend $5,000? How long does it take or where you're using it, and anyone who calls you can see it?I don't think so.Now that you've reached this point, so you don't have to worry about any ideas, and when our client manager comes in, he'll explain the details to you, right? That's not what you've been forced to do in the past, is it?	labels:Because I did know I paid $5,000 a month this year, and I didn't even get a bill a month, did I?I don't think so.If you don't get a single one, you won't get $5,000.
text:Because it's a season for you, because it's really a season for you, and I see a lot more in this industry, and I've just told you a few companies that I own, you know? Do you know what? And Ito? And Ito? And he's an old client, and Shin Yongli's, and he's not turning stainless steel, and he's doing fire transfer, and he's doing it, and I'm running it, and if they're not the first day, not this year, he's working with us, and he's been working with us from last year, and he's been working with us the previous year.I don't think so.You think it's easy, and if you're doing something bad, like what you're doing, and it's not working, you're going to work with us after a year and two years. No, right? Everyone's not stupid. I don't make any money up here. I'm not going to do it again. Everyone knows that, don't you?	labels:Your client's name at night. Do you have time at night?
text:It's easier for you at night because we may be in the afternoon, because our company is on the other side of Long Island in the Gangxia, and it's bad to be back in the morning if we say the night is over.	labels:You know after six or seven o'clock.
text:We'll talk about this after six or seven o'clock, because you've learned to talk about it before. He doesn't want an hour. He can help you solve this thing at lunchtime, and then you can measure the price. You know when it's easier to do it, right?I don't think so.Because it's just that I'm on the phone, because it's really too late to call at this point in the day, because it's almost $1,300 more after the meeting. That's the truth.	labels:How much are you now?
text:It's $7,500, and it's $8,800 or so, so close to $1,300. You want to see you sign up for a business license, and you don't need $1,300? You can save $1,300 now, right?I don't think so.I don't have to fool you, I can come to you tomorrow, and you know that one of our 100-degree processes is now clear to you. We're going to be welded at 1 p.m., so you think I'm just going to apply to you for a manager to come over here and get some details, because you're afraid you won't have time for tomorrow, you think.	labels:I said there's time around six, 'cause I'm opening a store tomorrow, okay?I don't think so.Your time's too long. I'm a little busy right now.
text:It's a little late for lunch. You must eat when you're so busy.	labels:It's welded there tomorrow, and the rest can do. Can we do it tomorrow?
text:Tomorrow, huh? What time tomorrow?	labels:I'll clear the water at noon tomorrow.
text:I don't know about the water. Isn't that the lake?	labels:A hundred beams of fresh water.
text:It's 100 centimeters, isn't it?I don't think so.If it's after 6:00 this afternoon, right?	labels:Stay away from your meetings for sure.
text:It's close to us, isn't it?	labels:I'll take a look at it when I have time.
text:I'll send you my phone number later. I'll call our client manager. I'll see if I can see you tomorrow after 5:00.	labels:I have a phone.
text:Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.I don't think so.Excuse me, sir, do you make this piece of plastic runway?	labels:Where are you?
text:I'm with the Pepsi Company. Do you make this piece of plastic that looks like some of that?	labels:I make lemon powder.
text:It's powder, isn't it?	labels:Yeah, I do p.12 p.1 p6.
text:Now I'd like to ask if your company is considering a 100-degree publicity campaign for this product.	labels:No, because we're more professional.
text:I know, because you're not making lemon powder, you're making this ingredient in a plastic runway, and then.	labels:We do high-molecular materials.
text:High-molecular materials like yours, and you have a lot of peer-to-peer promotions in your industry, and they do very well.	labels:So you send me a text from you. You need to be in touch. Not this month, next month.
text:Excuse me. What's your name?	labels:You.
text:Your name is Manager Liu, right?I don't think so.Manager Liu you are, your company is.	labels:I'm at Wuhan Gokko's side.I don't think so.East Lake High and New.
text:Where's East Lake Gossip Girl?	labels:That's Long Island.
text:You guys.	labels:At the address from.
text:Where are you from?	labels:Longlong Island is on the side of Jiangxia, in the middle of the river's summer valley.
text:Kwangya Headquarters International.	labels:For headquarters space, Gwangya headquarters space is not the headquarters international headquarters.
text:Where's the space? I'm in the middle of it.	labels:Gwangya headquarters space should be close to you on Longlong Island. Not all of them are corporate industrial. They're all next to Waco.
text:That's Waco over there.	labels:Chinese technology.
text:I know it's supposed to be at Wu Dagen's place.	labels:Wu Dynasty Road.
text:You're on Wu Da-hwan Road, aren't you?I don't think so.Yeah, it's what your company does, mostly.	labels:All I do is make high-molecular nylon powder material, and there's some pink spring resin, and that's where Hunan resin runs.
text:That's what the phone ran into in those distributions, right?	labels:For epoxy resin.
text:Did you know that you look like Wuhan Hewlett-Packard Chemical New Materials?	labels:I don't know, I moved here from Henan, but I'm here now.
text:The production base is in Henan and there are only marketing points in Wuhan.	labels:Not registered to Henan anymore.
text:Do you have a company on Wuhan's side?	labels:Yes, we're in Henan's dormitory. I have Wuhan's company Wuhan.
text:What's the name of Wuhan's company?	labels:Wuhan Green was found to be a piece of material.
text:I didn't hear anything from the company. I wanted to see how beautiful it was.	labels:Know where.
text:How many words?	labels:Green?
text:Green green, huh? Yeah.	labels:He's a lawyer who knows the name of Wang Yu.
text:The knowledge of the king. The knowledge of the past.	labels:This company was registered last year.
text:I was wondering if any of our other colleagues had been in touch with you before.	labels:Because my product itself is old, and then there's an elephant, and I don't have a copyright.
text:You're not registered in Wuhan.	labels:I was registered in Wuhan by the name of Gao Shin.
text:Green beauty is green green.	labels:A branch.
text:It's just a branch under a grasshead, isn't it?	labels:A little bit of twig, the twig of twig.
text:The king's wish is one thing.	labels:That's what I'm talking about.
text:Responsibilities after that.	labels:If you don't have a head, you can't write the word, right?
text:Isn't it called Wu Han Yu's foundry Materials Ltd.? Yes, I am.	labels:Registration is on the top of the list.
text:I don't know if you're listening to our colleagues or friends.	labels:You know I'm sitting in Henan, I don't have time for this month, you can contact me next month.
text:For the time being, because we still have some company preferences for the site, I'll tell you what I'm talking about here.	labels:If I don't do it this month, I'll do it one month to the next.
text:That's a thought, isn't it?I don't think so.What's your corporate name? What's your name or who's your name?	labels:It's my girl's name.
text:Your last name is Cheng, right?	labels:Right.
text:Well, you see, Manager Liu, I'll give you a little signal later, will you?	labels:Yes.
text:I'll add your message and I'll call Chen.	labels:You saw it on top of my group chats, didn't you?
text:Right.	labels:All right.
text:Because there's a lot of my clients in there.	labels:Yeah? You're selling me a salesman. Should I give you a little bit of it, anyway? I'll give you a little bit of it.
text:Yes, because I am, because I'm selling this software this month.	labels:You've been selling, you've sold me, and you don't have the money to give you a 100-degree promotion.
text:It is possible, I mean, because it is in the first place, and of course I can accept it, because it is because of what is happening now, because it is mainly because I am not doing what is required in terms of performance, which is the heavy task of the month.	labels:So I'm just saying that you're the one who said that I'm going to give you the money, even if I earn it, because we're going to be able to give me a little bit of a customer.
text:That's it, and I see a lot of customers in it.	labels:I myself digested several tons for a month.
text:Yeah, like I looked at this product like you, but in this group, I see a lot of you need it.	labels:Yes, but I'm saying I need our product now, and I'm digesting it for a few days, and I haven't even done it yet. You see this new product of microball powder was made last year, it's one step cleaner than the product I used to have, it's all imported, and it's not as much as it used to be, let's not say we're not worse than him, we're better than him, and we're better than him, because we've been professional for more than 10 years.
text:How did you get into this group, because basically all my clients did three-d printing in it.	labels:I'll do a three-d printout, and then my company should have listened to Sapphire, too.
text:Right.	labels:Ah, I'm a shareholder. This one's full-time.
text:One is a shareholder, and this is done specifically, and the other is a partnership.	labels:Always buy it yourself.
text:It's a partnership.	labels:You're printing it.
text:Three-d print. Did you do any outreach?	labels:He's doing his job from the Internet and you can knock on it and see Sap's car technology.
text:Wasn't he in Wuhan's company?	labels:It's Han.
text:In Hanyang? Sap Tech.	labels:We're all designed for auto printing, including East Wind's dashboards.
text:It's you. What's the name of the company you're in?	labels:Sap Autotech, Shanghai City.I don't think so.We've digested five or six tons of our own, five or six tons of Hopper technology for me.
text:I don't see a head yet.	labels:Yes.
text:What's the word under the peach head? Do you know about Lassard?	labels:Pizza.
text:You know Sap technology in Lassard? I'll see if they've promoted it. Have you finished your website yet?	labels:I didn't do the website, I didn't say I was doing another business, I thought, just when you called, I thought about doing it next month.
text:You're promoting it through the Internet, because we're active on our side this month, and then, actually, we're not going to be online until next month, because you're on the 10th, and you're counting this month's work with us, and we're going to have to do it with you, and we're going to have to do it, and we're going to have to do it, and we're going to have to do it, and we're going to have to do it.	labels:I spend a lot of money a month, and if I don't say you can send me a customer, I'll sell you a ton. I'll do more than that. I'll give you a ton of 28, and I'll have a minimum of 280,000 free.
text:Your profits are very high, and I know that's why you did it.	labels:If you don't have the resources to help me, I can help you.
text:Yes, I saw that when I had a client, he was doing it because I was doing three-d printing, because my client was a three-d printing device, and he took me in.	labels:It's a three-d printing device, and he should be able to use our stuff if it's a laser burner.
text:You can use your stuff, right?	labels:Laser sinters are condensed powder.
text:Okay, so I'll help you go.	labels:Ask me, if he wants half a ton of what I can make out of my profits, I'm going to promote it anyway, right?
text:That's what I'm saying, because if you're up front with one, you should know all about it.	labels:I've known my company since the rollout. My old company's been here for 20 years.
text:Still doing it? Now your husband.	labels:Still doing, we didn't say the production base was in Henan, I'm here at the company. You see what I'm doing here?
text:Let's see if you can just say this this month, because we're on my side right now.	labels:I'll make you a deal, but if I don't tell you, I don't have the money this month, because I'm investing in all this stuff, you know?I don't think so.Not a ton, but hundreds of thousands, and I'm said I don't have any extra money right now. If you can really say there's a guy on the Internet, you can do anything for me, but it's better for both of us.
text:I don't know anything about you in here. I don't know anything about you.	labels:Why don't you just ask your friend if he doesn't want the equipment? He's going to say he can fix it for you if he wants me on my side.
text:If he doesn't want you, you can't do it.	labels:Don't get me into next month.
text:I don't know what you think, I know, but I'm sure I'll have to ask him. Okay.	labels:Can you ask me something? I've got a call.
text:Be good. I'll add your letter later. You agree, my last name is Chen.	labels:Why don't you call him Chen Jialong?
text:Be good. That bothers you. Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, isn't it always? Who is it? Is it true that your company's words are still in a car rental service for travel meetings, school buses and weddings?I don't think so.I'm an Internet-based 100-degree company, primarily responsible for your business, because it's like your own boss, the New Army, and the Nine-Ding Galaxy, and the Global Communications Motors Service, whose owners are doing business on the 100-D, and they're doing a good job doing business there.I don't think so.I'd like to ask if, like Kim, your company hasn't done a campaign on this for the time being, has it not been contacted before?	labels:It's not very good to have been touched.
text:Have you ever done this before on the 100-degree promotion? No. Was it on the 58th in the same town or on the drive, or on the industry website?	labels:It's 58th in the same town, isn't it?
text:This is the case, since 58 co-owners are part of the industry ' s web site, and its type of services is one of its strengths, in addition to the fact that there are hundreds of people who are vulnerable, some who are not fit to do it at 100 degrees, but your industry is better suited to do it at 100 degrees, because as long as you drop out a key word for your business at 100 degrees, you can see that 100 degrees of promotion is done by your peers, such as the Wuhan Simonson Business Services, and the Car Service Centre of the Gnrale, all of which are leased at 100 degrees and do a lot at 100 degrees.I don't think so.Yes, because we're doing publicity now and we're doing promotional activities, and if you're doing publicity on the Internet now, we're doing advertising for you, and we're doing it for you, and we're doing it for you, and we're doing it for you, and it's cheaper than our colleagues.I don't think so.Well, it's an event before the festival. That's why I'm calling you. How much is it?I don't think so.What's the money problem? Does your company have a website of its own?	labels:There's a website.
text:There's a website that you can use right now. So, we're going to use the 100-degree model to promote information about your company through what you say about your business and how you rent it. The following link is your company's website. We're going to promote your company's website, so the site has your contact details and your phone number, right?I don't think so.Here's the address, so we'll bring you a customer who needs it, and he'll talk to you about business when he finds your company's contact address.I don't think so.You don't need to hire a specialist to help you run a network-type backstage. We have a dedicated customer in your profession who will provide you with a whole year of maintenance management, 100 years and 1,200 a month, as in the case of a pre-arranged fee, as in the case of your phone, as in the case of your phone, you save a dollar in your own advertising account, and if there's a client who can search your mobile rental service, he'll find your company's information package, click it under your company's web site, right?I don't think so.Then we have customers who need you to find you, and the other customers who don't need you can't find you.I don't think so.Then our corresponding follow-up will bring you an offer to consult business clients or call their business clients, and we will have a fee that will be deducted from your own savings, because your employer does a lot of things, so let's say we do this.	labels:If you don't, text me first. I'll leave a contact when I get back. I'm out of town.
text:Where are you on business now?	labels:Here.
text:When will the field be back?	labels:I'll be back in two.
text:Two days, right? Okay, that's it. Will you be back on Wednesday?	labels:I'm on Friday or Saturday and I should be back in the next two days.
text:It's not Friday, it's Friday, it's supposed to be Friday, right?I don't think so.That's right. If you're planning a concession right now, if you have a deposit, you have a deposit of $10,000 and a deposit of $30,000. If there's a difference, we'll give you a discount right here, and if you don't have a deposit, how much you spend every day, and how long you want it to take to set and decide on the backstage. That's right.	labels:Why don't you leave me a way to get back to you?
text:Okay, I'm here as a contact for a hundred and fifty-four for take-out business. Cell number is yours, isn't it?I don't think so.Yes, I'll text you later. I'd like to ask if your company's words are over by Hanyang Lake Road.	labels:Right.
text:I'll contact you tomorrow to see if you're coming back tomorrow. You're coming back on Friday or Saturday, right?	labels:Right.
text:I'll contact you tomorrow. I'll tell you what, while we're on a preferential basis, we have a number of services that are special.	labels:I'll call you when I get back, okay?
text:I'll be fine. Why don't you go ahead? Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Is this Nakaru? For you, I'm with the Internet 100th. Are you the manager of Zhang Lin Zhang?
text:Wait a minute, Nat's in the middle.	labels:You're the manager? Hello. I'm from the Internet Broadway. Here's the thing.
text:Mmm-hmm.	labels:Which one do you make for the import and export of cattle and goats?
text:Imports predominate.	labels:Do you have any interest in putting this business on our 100-degree side for some extension?
text:That's all you can think about.I don't think so.It could be considered.	labels:That's true, because we're also here to help you see cattle and goat imports and exports backstage, so it's mainly imported, right?I don't think so.We can help you with the imported lamb on the backstage, which means that one of the things about this product on your side is that, because of the 100-degree promotion, we have a surveillance data on the backstage, and we can see what you've been looking for every day, and how many people have recently needed it?I don't think so.If the meat is imported, if the meat is imported, if it is imported, if it's a daily search word, if I look at the whole country, let me give you a look at the last week. In the last week, the number of searches for the meat is 24, which means that 24 people consult online every day on the importation of the meat, a single case of the meat of the cattle and sheep, is it Australian cow and goat?I don't think so.I think the search word is really high, Australia and New Zealand, right? New Zealand and Uruguay, maybe a little less, just a dozen, and then Australia and New Zealand, 20, 24, 25, 24 and 25, which means that so many people search online every day.I don't think so.Yeah, well, before I look at you guys, have you ever heard of 100 degrees?
text:Not really.	labels:You don't know that? Did any other colleagues contact you before? No. So, do we use the 100% search engine, or the 100% search engine? What we say is that if you need to know about employee benefits, for example, we're going to look online, we're going to search for cattle and goats, and then we're going to search for imported cattle and goats, and I'm going to search for a whole range of information, and there's going to be a list of that.I don't think so.One page of information, after a 100-degree extension at this time, we put your information first in front of the client, that is, in front of the person who needs it, who will see it the first time.
text:That's good for you.	labels:Yeah, and then he saw it not like this, but if we show you this, we show it for free, that's to put you on a free ad.I don't think so.And then, for example, if you look at all the information that comes out, you have to go through it first, right? And then you see if I'm more interested in this company and feel better about their products, and then I want to see it in detail, and then they'll look in.I don't think so.When we click in at this point, we deduct some of the charges, and then the exact amount of the deduction is up to you, and we just have a minimum standard, which is that we can't be less than 70 cents.I don't think so.If you're going to have to pay the price, you're going to have to see how far you're going to go in your business, so I'm going to have to say what you're saying here is not going to make any difference.
text:The price is 70 cents if we set the right one on the right one.	labels:When you click 70 cents, you say it can't be less than 70 cents, it doesn't have to be 70 cents, and it could be $1.2.I don't think so.For this reason, there will be a lowest price in the industry, the lowest price in this sector is set by your industry, and the lowest price in our base is set by 100 degrees, which is 70 cents, and all industries start at 70 cents.I don't think so.Then, as for the lowest bid in your industry, it's not ours. Right, do I see your company's name is Beijing China Great Industries Import & Export Ltd. from Beijing?
text:Now in Wuhan.	labels:The office is in Wuhan, right? Is it Wuhan's license?
text:Yeah, it's Wuhan's license. Wuhan has an independent company.	labels:It's a stand-alone company on Wuhan's side.I don't think so.And as for this client, because our total cost is 6,200, because it's 1,200 for one service, because we're probably talking about a different way of promoting the Internet, and we're going to have a customer on one-on-one with you, or you're going to have a company on one-on-one, and we're going to consult him if there's a problem.I don't think so.If you do not have the time to run your own account, you can leave it to someone special on our side, and if you don't know all about it before, you won't be able to run it yourself, we'll have someone special to run it, and we'll give you a lot of backstage tools, for example, if you don't know what to choose for the first time, we'll have a key word at the back of the office, and we'll have a tool that tells you which of the key words is the most easily searched, and then we'll say it's the best, and you'll have some estimated tools, and then you can see them, and you won't have to worry about them.I don't think so.Do you have any questions you'd like to ask about the promotion of this section?
text:I haven't figured out how to operate a program.	labels:Programs, huh?I don't think so.The first thing you want to do is set the keywords for yourself, which are the words you want to search for, which is to say you want to search for the keywords for yourself, which is the first step. After you set the keywords, because we can have more than 1,000 keywords here, you can choose, if you have no experience, and you can refer to them on the basis of the settings tool of one of our keywords, which is the first step, which is to set the keywords.I don't think so.And the second step is that we have our own website.
text:Not for the time being, but the head office in Beijing does.	labels:Right there? Then you're going to give me this site, and then we're going to do a link, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it, and we're going to do it.I don't think so.Then we put the site on, and then we search your company, and then we click, and we click in, which means that at this point we'll deduct some of the fees, and then we'll have someone on this side of the process that you're talking about.I don't think so.That means you don't need any operational worries. Step by step, we'll let you know.
text:It's a cost, isn't it?	labels:In the case of fees, we pay $1,200 for services, one year for services, and when you open an account, you have to pay $1,200 for services, plus $5,000 for a pre-arranged extension in your account.I don't think so.Because if you deduct the fee, if you say it's less than one or two thousand dollars a month or two, you'll lose it, which will affect the effect of your later promotion.I don't think so.What about the $5,000? For example, at this time, uh, on weekends, a lot of people are searching online. You can say that you control the time frame yourself, okay?
text:It's time to control itself, when to let someone else let my key word get picked up, doesn't that mean?	labels:When you put your ad out, you control it. Because if you're just starting to be a small and medium-sized business, you go in there for five days, and you hang it all the way up there, and you don't have a very precise drop zone, you know?I don't think so.In the case of an investment rate of return, this is a time-limited control, which means you can put it here, and then you can set a consumption limit.I don't think so.If you don't run out of $5,000, you can set one every day, which means, for example, that every day I set $100 for today, it will automatically stop your ad, and no one will click in to control a fee, and then you can control the time period and then the cost.I don't think so.If you say $5,000, you're probably going to have more people in July, or forget that you can put it out first, and then you can use it at this time. If you think there may be fewer people to buy it in these two months, then you can stop it for a while. The $5,000 is in your account.
text:I know what I'm concerned about right now is the question of how many hits I get and how many per cent it works.	labels:Well, uh, you want to know what the conversion rate is? For this conversion rate, because each industry is different, I may not be able to give you a specific figure, that is, it's also for the industry itself, because you know that a website is not just a number of hits on our side, but we're doing a 100% campaign for you to promote a number of hits, depending on your website, and if you can do that, you're just saying that you can keep customers.I don't think so.Do you agree?
text:It's right for me.	labels:Yeah, so we're not just going to get the promotion done, but more importantly, we're going to get our own website done, and you're going to need some professional service on your side to help you keep your clients.
text:Right.	labels:Do you have any other questions besides the conversion rate?
text:The Wuhan branch has not made a single backstage, not a single website, because the head office doesn't want to get involved with them. Much is different, the platform is different, the nature is different.	labels:Is your business different?
text:The business of the head office is the same, so it's the south-central part of Beijing, the south-central side of central China, the north-east side of Beijing, the north side, so we have different channels, so if we don't use their headquarters to access his website, it's possible.	labels:That's why you're doing it alone, isn't it?I don't think so.This is what I'm looking at right now, which means there's no intention to promote the Internet, because it's definitely an Internet age.
text:Right.	labels:Do you think so? Because there are other branches of business that we have here, that is to say, the customer manager, who has a three-year extension experience in all sectors, like your imports and exports, which means the import and export of cattle and goats, we can send a business manager who specializes in importing and exporting the block, and then we can talk to you in person.I don't think so.He's not saying that he's here to talk to you. He's here to show you how we operate the 100-degree backstage, and then a question of effect. He's probably more professional than I am, because I'm just more familiar with the 100-degree promotion of this product. He's got data on your entire industry. He's got a whole industry. You can consult him about some more professional questions, and then he's going to tell you what to do. If you think it's appropriate, you can work with us. If you want to think about it, you can look at it.I don't think so.Are you free tomorrow morning or afternoon? Because my side might not be realistic this afternoon, we have to submit an application, he's out of the field, so that when he gets an application, he needs a process that can only be set for tomorrow morning or afternoon.
text:For 10:00 tomorrow.	labels:10 a.m.? What's your address?
text:White sandy red hat.	labels:Trade markets.
text:There's a controversy in the agro-trade market, the cold chain.	labels:How do you spell these words in the Cold Chain of the Controversy?
text:Increasing the benefits of growth is beneficial, if not harmful, I know.	labels:gain.
text:Cold chains are cold and cold.	labels:The link to the gold? Okay, is that a name you mean outside the company? What's the big market for voice to the cold chain?
text:What's the big market number, it doesn't have a number. It's supposed to be a three-ring bridge with white sand and white sand, white sand.	labels:White Sand Gap Bridge.
text:Bridgehead, it's a pretty big market.	labels:Okay, I'll call our field manager when I get my application done, and then I'll call you before he gets here, okay?I don't think so.He'll give you a confirmation call first.
text:He'd better think a little bit about it and call me on my phone.	labels:Put your phone on? I've only got your machine on my side. Can you leave your phone? Okay.
text:You said 130913098899.	labels:889986683030, right? Yes. OK.
text:It's done. It's done.	labels:So I'm going to send you an application after I say the phone is over, and I'm going to ask him to come by tomorrow with the industry data, which means that we should have the field manager come over and talk to you in person.I don't think so.You can just ask him some questions about the Internet.
text:Well, now that you're thinking about you, I know it when I'm sure.I don't think so.I'm not in a hurry, and I know better. He doesn't talk to me. I know what's going on. I'm thinking about the first step, and I have to make it up now.	labels:Or, what do you think? I asked him to tell you what to do with the site or the site, and I asked him to bring in some of the relevant databases, and you could tell him what to do about it.I don't think so.I think you're saying that the biggest problem right now is the website problem. OK, let's just ask him and me to send an application tomorrow at 10 a.m. Okay. I'll be in touch. I'll text you. You can call me if you have any problems.
text:Okay, thanks.	labels:Okay, I'll leave you to it. Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Is this Miss Chan?	labels:Can I help you?
text:We're doing some other training in the studio, and that's all the musical training. Do we have any online enrolments?I don't think so.Have you ever worked with us? Have you? Have you?I don't think so.Does our company intend to promote this piece of 100 degrees?I don't think so.Not yet. Because you already have your own website, right?	labels:Website.
text:That guy's got a lot of traffic, that's why he's got a lot of client consultations?	labels:We're still mostly under the line.
text:Underline, because it's a trend, especially in institutions such as yours, most of them now have their own web site, because many people are now accustomed to searching online, knowing that we already have the site, right?	labels:If this is the case now, it has not yet been taken into account.
text:That's why you're at the piano training school. We're usually a little more likely to sign up for the summer break, right?	labels:Not necessarily.
text:I don't know. I think this is what I'm looking at backstage for, like, May-July, and the months of February-April might be a little bit higher, huh?	labels:Because the reality of the search may be biased against him.
text:We've all been working with our company a little bit more, like Wuhan Tang Rhyming School of Music, you know? And Wuhanbecks Cultural Consulting Limited, they're all working with us, and they're spending about 1504 a month, and then the average annual rate of renewal is seven times, which means that it's still good to do it here.I don't think so.Other aspects, such as education and training in particular, are relatively more efficient online.	labels:Perhaps not for the time being.
text:Because of that, your website, right? The main purpose of your website is to consult clients, and then sign up online. The main site is already available.I don't think so.If you have a website, for example, and if you work with us, you just need to set some keywords, and then your potential clients, who want to train, will search 100 degrees, and you'll have a direct link to your website, and you'll have a large number of potential clients.	labels:I know.
text:Maybe that's a lot bigger than you're a real-world customer, and if you get this one-on-one consultation on the line, it's a little faster than you're going to get this one-on-one, like the one-on-line.	labels:The conditions may not be ripe.
text:The condition is that you are the cause, which is the reason to consider.	labels:This is something that should be done around next year.
text:Because here's the thing, because it's supposed to be development, especially the Internet, and now it's more likely to compete with your industry, and it's more likely to work with our company, and now we've got a couple of promotions. Do you think you might not know anything about our product?	labels:I'm very clear.
text:It's clear, isn't it?	labels:The front 100 degrees have been searched many times.
text:For what specific reason do you want to think about it?	labels:As on the Internet, we do not have anyone who does it for the time being.
text:That means your website is not mature for online consultations, is it?	labels:And we don't have a website to maintain right now.
text:In general, this aspect is that the cost of the investment should not be significant, not if it is the same as if I were working with our 100-degree company, which we can take care of for you.	labels:We don't do this now anyway.
text:Sir, you know something about this product of ours, don't you?I don't think so.If you have time, we can send you a customer manager who knows better about your training business. He probably knows which of your companies you work with. You're in the middle of the season, and we'll analyze it for you.	labels:Come on.
text:Which one is it?	labels:Which one of you?
text:This way.	labels:We've got to buy some.
text:You've been here, haven't you? You've already told me. You've thought about it, haven't you?	labels:You're not doing it for the time being.
text:You'll do it next year, won't you?I don't think so.But because you're on a cold break and you're on a cold vacation, it's probably around October, and maybe around December it's a good season for your industry, right?	labels:It's a cold vacation in August.
text:It should be said, for example, that if you cooperate with us now, some of the preparations for the pre-period should be made, and the online effect should be immediately visible by the end of the year.	labels:That's not necessarily a bad cry for kids.
text:I don't think so for the time being, do I?	labels:Next year, huh?
text:Okay, okay. Well, I hope you get better and better at work. And, uh, you can work with us when your business gets bigger next year, okay?	labels:Okay.
text:Don't bother you with your work now. Okay, bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mr. Han. I've just been in touch with you. Hello, Mr. Han is here to ask you if your company is considering doing publicity and publicity on the 100 degrees.	labels:How are you? Look, there's a time for us.
text:We're talking about last year, Mr. Tan Han. Our company has a big 100-degree marketing meeting tomorrow afternoon at the Van Dagava Hotel welded, and then there are more than 800 business owners and executives from Wuhan who will be here, free of charge. Do you have time to come?	labels:You wait in the afternoon, he knows there's a meeting tomorrow afternoon, why you're driving, and you tell us exactly what we're dealing with.
text:I'll see you tomorrow. I'll see you tomorrow.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:The moon's down. Where?	labels:Hello, Mr. Chow. Where are you from? I've been in touch with you before. My name is Yang.
text:The name of Pedo Company's woman is Yang.	labels:Just texted you my cell number before I uh.
text:And then right.	labels:I see you have no time tomorrow, morning or afternoon.I don't think so.There's no time tomorrow. There's no time in the near future.
text:Now I've got a lot of things to do, maybe some day.	labels:Because if I've been in touch with you before, you're definitely on our side, and you're still mostly talking to too many people, aren't you?I don't think so.Then you can rest assured that your company's name is already in my guest security, and I've used it in my name, which means you have to do it later.
text:Your last name is Jan.	labels:Call me Jan.
text:What department are you in at Beidou?	labels:Commercial sector one.
text:I'm going to company commerce area one.	labels:It's a piece of the business sector.
text:A business derivative of 1231.	labels:Not ABCD1.
text:1st Zone Commerce 1st Region.	labels:Yes, you are.I don't think so.I'm Yang and I'm Yang. I'm Yang and I'm Yang Ling Ling.
text:Yang Ling Ling is right.	labels:You're the one next to the king that's the word.
text:Then you'll be responsible for this. You'll have to call. I'll be in touch with you. Me.	labels:You mean my cell number? 15915927187880602.
text:0602 I remember.	labels:That's it, isn't it?
text:How do you open your network and where do you open it?	labels:What did you know about us?
text:No, you're all before you say we do.	labels:It's just that you're not a contact right now.
text:You're going to run this site, and several of our companies are going to do it.	labels:Our fee here is the initial deposit of 5,000 plus a 1,200-year service fee, for a total of $6,200.
text:For the first time, uh, for the first time, there's a reserve of 5000, yes.	labels:An additional 1,200 annual service fees amounting to $6,200.
text:1200 annual fees, right.I don't think so.That's 6,000,600,6200 for 6200.	labels:Then do you have your website ready?
text:How long are you gonna have 5,000 of your 5,000?	labels:I'll tell you what this $5,000 is, you're doing a promotion on our 100-degree side? Then you give us the keywords, and then we put your message on the 100-degree front page.I don't think so.If there's a client searching for your decorative business at 100 degrees, right? And then click on your company's website, so we charge a certain amount of hits, that's the $5,000 that's deducted from the $5,000 that's effective. It's not working. Your money's still not moving in the account. Do you understand?
text:You can see the number of hits is high, right? That's $5,000, right?	labels:That's 5,000 bucks. That's 5,000 bucks in there, and then somebody else if it's through you.
text:What's the charge? How much for one click?	labels:You set this price once, we can't.I don't think so.Yes, because the price of the key word varies from a few cents to a few dollars, and he sometimes calls his client once, because every person's search habits are different. Because if I were to say that I live in Wuchang, I might search the Wuchang renovation company.
text:That's the one time. That's the one time, isn't it?	labels:The dot is received once, but if he repeats the dot several times a day, he is charged only once.
text:For example, I can only charge a fee once if I see you 10 times a day or 20 times a day.	labels:Repeat points for the same person every day, no matter how many times, by index.I don't think so.Yeah.
text:How many times that time.	labels:I just told you it's up to you. A few cents to a few dollars, depending on what word he found you?
text:I'm listening to this price so low, I'm listening to it, and then, for example, if I get a dime, there's one more limit to that, isn't there?	labels:I'll explain it to you, because the price of the key word on our side is the number of key words he's going to put in.
text:I'd like to insert, for example, that you have a key word or a limit or 50 words or 100 words, which is a standard. How do I make a key word for you?	labels:Here's the thing, we don't have a limit on the number of keywords, we don't have a limit on the number of them, no matter how many they may be mentioned, but that's what our clients do on our side.I don't think so.Right? Maybe it's expensive if the Internet search is high. You just push that word by one or two, and the other word is enough. You can offer it for a few cents, according to your own business requirements, your own service characteristics. Our usual clients do that. And what do you mean by that word?
text:Right.	labels:If you cooperate with us, don't we have a backstage?I don't think so.The price of every word in the backstage is written on it, for example, a few cents, and it's all on it, so you can choose which word you can afford according to your own advertising budget, or you can choose which word you need, for example, you picked the key words today, but you didn't have a lot of search on it today, and some of the other words you didn't find at all, did you?I don't think so.If that's the case, the next day you get rid of the words you haven't found, and then you change the words, and you can update them every day.
text:I know, you know, you're saying you won't move if you don't hit $5,000 a year.	labels:Right? That's what it means.
text:You only charge $1,200 a year, basically $100 a month.	labels:Yes, you're quite right.
text:That's the account management fee, yes, yes.	labels:Because there's a backstage here if you cooperate with us? And I see what kind of business you're doing in decorating the company, either for one of Wuhan's three or for Wuhan's all-embracing men.
text:I let the whole country do it, not just to Wuhan.	labels:It's pretty big all over the country.
text:I can go abroad if there's work to be done in the country.I don't think so.Because you don't have a business to do, you're going to say more than just what you did to Wuhan.	labels:I'm looking at the company, usually only for Wuhan, but as a national bank like you.
text:It's because of Wuhan, you said you had time in your powerful country. It's not like that. We're all gone. Beijing is gone. I'm not saying you're like Wuhan.	labels:Yeah, well, it's probably more appropriate for you to look at the 100-degree platform as wide as you like to do nationwide business, isn't it?I don't think so.And if we operate backstage on this side, there are limits to the range of services, for example, you're dominated by Wuhan and then you take into account other cities across the country, and you're saying, for example, Shanxi? Shandong or Shanxi, which one of the fields is likely to be the focus, right? You can bring them up and put them in the keywords, and then someone else's customers in the field can look for your information, because you do it.
text:Passengers are my information, for example, and I think I'm the ad that we're offering, right?	labels:Here's what the ad says. I'll see what your range of services is. If you only serve Wuhan, you can take it.
text:Attached, I didn't just say I was.	labels:All right, I'll give you an example from across the country, which means you can write for the whole country, a national renovation company, or you can put a key word on it, so your ad is all over the country, you know?I don't think so.Then, if you're only a Wuhan piece of material, do you know the radiation range of your ads only in Wuhan? Because he has a different range of clients, he can bring you a relatively precise client with a geographical setup.I don't think so.That's what it means.
text:Use me to bring it up, yeah.	labels:Because we don't know where you're going to be, where you're going to put it, where I'm going to put it backstage? Right? Yeah, and there's a daily advertising budget, you can set it yourself. If you're going to spend a little more or a little less on the company's advertising, you can set a ceiling on a day-to-day basis, for example, $50 a hundred a day, $200 a day.
text:Let's say I'm on this website, and I'm putting in pictures of my company's engineering, okay?	labels:Absolutely.
text:Let him have a little look at it. Can you light it up and put it here on my website?I don't think so.Can totally do it.	labels:Because your website is primarily about your renovation company, right? So some pictures of your company, some success stories of the renovation, or some design, must be in it? And if you need to make some online payments, some evaluation, and so on, it's all right.
text:Right.	labels:And...
text:So I'm the one who brings up the service?	labels:Yeah, because our company has a lot of customers like the renovation company, but each company must have one of its own service features, such as design, construction, services, etc., with a different focus, right?I don't think so.You can rely on your company.
text:We're all doing design work. We're all doing a dragon design.	labels:We're working on it, aren't we?I don't think so.Well, you can put it on a little bit more pictures, and then you can put it in your decorator.
text:The profile of a model company could be included, and it could be done.	labels:Because if it's on the website, it's not there, it's there, first the company profile, then there's a catalogue of the products, if we're in contact, and so on, it's all there.
text:How many calls will you take?I don't think so.You said that.	labels:Do you think it's easier to find someone you've been in touch with today than to trust me?
text:I wanted to ask you if you had a guy named Song Dan, did you? Yes, but aren't you a department?I don't think so.No, it's not.	labels:He's on the 13th floor. We're not on the 14th floor here. We're on the 14th floor. We're on the 14th floor.
text:He's a block, isn't he?	labels:He doesn't know. Let me see if he's Song Danjian, right?
text:He's been in touch with me many times, much better with me, a lot more than 100 degrees.	labels:There are hundreds of people, and the point is that because, in the words of our Department of Commerce and Commerce, there are about 200 or so people in the whole department, and now it's expanding.I don't think so.Yeah, so long as you don't do this on our side, maybe all the information will be on the Internet, and we'll all be in touch with you, right?
text:You have to have at least one way of telling me how you're gonna figure out who's 100 degrees and who's not 100 degrees full of deadlines.I don't think so.Now you're good with high technology. You know, there's a lot of junk calls on your phone, and you can't even win.	labels:But in that case, the numbers we call from the company are all the same, right?I don't think so.Our company is mainly using the same number.
text:Unless it's a plane. How much is it?	labels:I forgot the phone number. I don't remember. We're company.
text:Didn't you use the number?	labels:I'm just using the number, but I'm sitting here. Let me see my number. I just called, I think it's on my phone. I'll report it to you.I don't think so.Hello, it's like 67801548.
text:Mm-hmm like that.	labels:I can't remember. I haven't recorded the number of the plane, because it's outside, right?
text:You mean Internet professionals? How do you do marketing?	labels:I'm doing 100-degree marketing. We know you.
text:Who's on this site? Who's on this side?	labels:The side site we have has a dedicated website building department.I don't think so.Yeah, because if you say so.
text:Maybe we're going to use the Internet to build the sector.	labels:If there's a dedicated network, it can't be without its own network. Because we're here to say that the client is on our side, that his website is voluntary, and if you want to do it on our side, we can do it with our side's promotion package, probably at a better price or otherwise, because we're doing it together, right?I don't think so.If you want to do it outside, it's free. We're doing it 100%, you know? Yeah, depending on what kind of site you want to do, because if you're doing it outside, there's hundreds of dollars, thousands of dollars, right?I don't think so.Look at you, but I think it's better that if you were doing business around the country, you'd have decided to do it online.
text:Mm-hmm.	labels:And if you're going to choose a network company out there, I'm going to have to remind you that you have to choose a more authoritative network company, and if you see that there's really a lot out there right now, and if you say that a small company is going to fail, this site won't work, because you don't know that his space domain code won't work, right?I don't think so.Well, if you're talking about the site, you're doing it on our side, because we've done a lot of company websites, templates, and I can send a few if you need them.
text:If you send me a template, let me see what it says. I'll go through it later.	labels:It's a template for the website, isn't it?
text:Yeah, yeah, yeah.I don't think so.You picked a bigger company, right? Let me take a look.	labels:No problem, but you're interested here, and you're more than trusted, and I'm trying to prove that we're more than sincere here. If we have time, let's have a little chat, right?I don't think so.I'll bring you all our papers. Come and talk to you.
text:Let's see what we can do.	labels:There's no time tomorrow morning or afternoon.
text:Look at us at Hanguchi, you're so far away from Wuchang, Hanguchi is fine.	labels:I'm telling you that we have our own field managers in each of Wuhan's three towns, not only on Wuchang's side.
text:So you said you'd read it to me. Then you'd leave it at the first stop, and you'd call someone else at the back, didn't you?	labels:No, if you do or trust me, I can come tomorrow. I'll bring you some of my website templates that I just told you, and then I'll bring you some of my 100-degree papers, just because we're in the same category as Isos.I don't think so.The usual procedure is to follow such a procedure, but if you have a strong request for me to come and see you, that's fine.
text:Well, I'm sure I'm going to get in touch with it, and I'm going to get in touch with someone, and actually we've been talking about it for half a day, and then we're going to go back to work forever after the next time, and then we're going to ask about it.	labels:You guys.
text:Now marketing, you're out of your league, you're out of your league.I don't think so.As far as we're concerned, we're definitely asking you to find out what's really the best, and I'm looking for someone. I'm looking for someone. You're here today.	labels:Because you know it's too hard for us to develop a new client. We'd rather be friends with a client, wouldn't we?I don't think so.There's also a need for long-term cooperation, and if the client is doing well on our side, it might be possible to introduce us later on to a better relationship.
text:Of course I can, if I'm going down, I'm sure there's one that hasn't come over, and this target is going to be built.	labels:No problem. If you really ask me to come and pick you up, it's fine.I don't think so.It's easy for us to travel on the subway to Hanguchi anyway.
text:I don't know who I am, but I don't know what you're dealing with this week, how you're managing it, and if you're calling on the phone, you're gonna have to be a little more solid about what we look like, right?I don't think so.That's not to say there's a problem. There's no one there.	labels:I understand that if you ask me to come to see you tomorrow morning or afternoon, I'll meet you there.
text:I'll see if there's anything going on tomorrow afternoon. Is there anything going on tomorrow afternoon?I don't think so.Because I'll call you again tomorrow morning because I have to.	labels:Not tomorrow, because I feel like I've been talking to you for so long, and if I make another appointment, I'm sure you'll forget about it again, right? I don't have time for tomorrow afternoon?
text:Not next week. Not this week, okay?	labels:Not this week, is it?I don't think so.Okay, I'll call you next week. I'll meet you when you see time, okay?
text:Good, good, good, good.	labels:Mr. Chow, you're busy. I'll be in touch next week.
text:Good-bye, good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:It's Kim's manager, isn't it?
text:Are you?	labels:Please, my name is Sue, and I'm Suvia, and I'm going back to the department of Pedo Lake North, because we've had a meeting with one of our colleagues, and we've talked about this 100-degree promotion. I just want to know if you're happy with our service.
text:It's okay.	labels:How do you know about our product and price? Is there any doubt that the price is a little high? What do you know about 100% of the product?I don't think so.You know, because of our 100 degrees, do you have a Kim manager on the website now?
text:You.	labels:Do you have your own website?
text:No, no, no. The website, right?	labels:Because the price on 100 degrees is also split into two parts, one for service, one for advance, and then what do you think is higher on your side?
text:He said, "What's it like to have a website for us?" 5000 is not.	labels:If you do it in our company, a website plus our annual maintenance, plus a 100-degree reserve of 5,000, then a total of 8288.I don't think so.Yeah, well, I'd like to explain to you, because if you're 100 degrees, we'll charge you 200 bucks a month, for example? But it doesn't mean you're 200 dollars a month, it's 200 dollars a month, not that you have to pay 200 dollars a month for mobile companies. You can choose to know.
text:Right.	labels:You said manager Kim. No.
text:I said the price was too high. I couldn't accept it. I didn't have the capital to do it. We were Ben's.	labels:Are you mainly in the neighborhood now or what?
text:It's too far to be in the neighborhood, so they won't come.	labels:I don't know if our client manager explained it to you, but if you're just doing business around here, then you can add your key words to the area, like Wuchang, your name is Wuchang or your nearby address, because some people are you alone.
text:So what's the key word, so what's the key word he's saying? He's got the key word.	labels:Yeah, that's it.
text:But your price is the same.I don't think so.And then the keyword has nothing to do with the price.	labels:So I'm going to give you an example, for example, after you've added a keyword, and then you're dealing with a group of people that's your associate, so there's not going to be too much money in it, there's not going to be some ineffectual access, and then you're going to spend 5,000 bucks a month on it, and it's actually not going to cost you a lot of money, and if our website is a stand-alone domain name, is it?I don't think so.The card will be printed on your website, and then he can introduce you to someone else, go straight to the Internet and know that your shop is real. Otherwise, if you don't have information, it's probably just someone who passes your side, he'll come in, and he'll probably find out about some of your strengths first, won't he?I don't think so.For example, some of your cooperative success facilities, and then others will find out online, and then you'll only have to go to a website with an independent domain name, and then you'll know better, won't you?I don't think so.Yes, if I say so to you, you may understand that 1,200 of our 100% promotion is a year, not a month or two, and 1200 is a year, which is the equivalent of a customer service to maintain your back-office site over the course of the year, and then you have any updates or promotions over the course of your year. There are some areas that need to be changed.
text:Can you make a website? I don't need you to promote it.	labels:I'm telling you, it's just that our company, for the first time, rarely picks up a list of websites that we do alone, if you do it alone.
text:Right.	labels:If you do it alone, it's $5,000, because now you're working with us to get rid of the price of 100% of the 1200, a computer site plus a cell phone site, that's just $2088, but if you do it alone, you're not just at our company, I'm sure you're at a network company outside, and they're gonna charge you a few thousand dollars, and they may not have security after sale, why are we?
text:More than 2,000 dollars for a website plus an extension amounting to 5000+1200.	labels:That's a total of 8288.I don't think so.Actually, why would I say two?
text:More than 2,000 websites.	labels:It's a cellular and computer site, which is the equivalent of two websites.
text:There's at least two websites over 2,000, and I'm saving over $5,000,700.	labels:It's 8,000. There's 1,200 annual service fee managers. Yes, I'll do it separately from you, you might say.
text:Too high, really.	labels:I can't accept it. You're a full student now.
text:The full number of participants will not be full.	labels:Yeah, so I'm telling you, 100 degrees is a great advantage, because we're technology-based, for example, because you're all a team now, right?I don't think so.For example, you've already got your crew, right? Then you can choose not to push.
text:Or maybe we're not a big one, and we're here for the membership week.	labels:That's the type of package that's for members, then usually for 11 years a year or something. You have it all.
text:Month year.	labels:Months. Every month to year. Yes, you can depend on your own circumstances. I, if you're in this small neighborhood, and I say so myself, say it yourself. If you're only doing one website, you can have two websites in one company, a computer website, a mobile phone site, including a mobile phone site, and some small Internet companies may not have the technology.I don't think so.Two websites? How come you get a couple of thousand dollars out there, but we're a hundred percent discount, and why do we choose to promote it and do it with 100 cents, not how much we'll earn if we do it ourselves, but if you pack it, it'll be cheaper, because if we do it, we want a good mouth baby to have a good effect. Otherwise, you don't do it. You don't have a website, and people don't see if you're being searched in 100 cents by someone who can't find you.
text:Some of the members say they're in the neighborhood, and some of the members say they're in the neighborhood.	labels:Maybe you've posted information online, but it's only a small part of it. Just imagine why he put your information in front of you, probably randomly.
text:A hundred degrees.	labels:And I'm telling you, Mr. Kim, we're just saying that you can't accept the price, but I can give you some value-added services on my side, and it's more practical than giving you a 100-degree map with less money, like some people who may be able to navigate the past, or who know your specific address, which is also practical, and many clients like it, because it's very difficult for a lot of people who want to spend money on a map unless they have other relationships or acquaintances that are difficult to do.I don't think so.If the manager doesn't do this, we'll arrange for a business manager to talk to you in your shop this afternoon, because I find you still have a lot of questions, maybe you'll be very busy next time, or for some other reason.
text:There's no doubt about the question. No, I can't take $8,000, I can't. It's not a good winter business, you know.	labels:It's true business isn't good, is it?I don't think so.Indeed, because it's cold now, yoga may be a bit cold when you say you're wearing a yoga suit, and you're just about a year ago, you've got to do all the pre-advance preparations, because it's got to be a website, it's a cycle, and you're going to have to add pictures, right?I don't think so.And then the website will have to be recorded, and all the production will have a certain cycle, including the cellular site section, and then we will have to check your qualifications, and the one-size-fits-all confidence check at Beijing headquarters will need a cycle, and then you will have to push it directly in the spring of next year.I don't think so.It's a good time to say this to you.
text:I don't want to think about it.	labels:The troupe is also our 100-degree rice and he's also our project.
text:Yes.	labels:It is also a different group, and many of the 100-degree buyers also do 100-degree promotions, as well as group shopping.I don't think so.But I'm just saying, you know, it's still possible to do a lot of things, especially if it's like an extension of a mobile phone. It's definitely a good cell phone, isn't it?I don't think so.Then we can call you directly, call you directly, so that we can talk about it again, maybe for the first time, but I'm sure if we give you some value-added services, you can feel that this product is actually working.I don't think so.In fact, the boss doesn't say he's afraid of how much he's spending, but he's sure hoping it'll work. If we do it our way, your reserve of over $5,000 should still be available for a period of time. It's not a problem for a half-year, and it's equal to your average.
text:Honey, don't do it. I'm fascinated.	labels:It doesn't matter. If you do this afternoon, you'll be in the store with Kim's manager and me.
text:Forget it. I don't want to talk about it. I can't accept this price.	labels:How much do you think you can take?
text:We can only do micro-mails.	labels:I'm telling you, I'm not saying that we're defamatory. We're probably going to be canceled because we're just a chat tool, and now it's becoming more and more commercial, and some of the departments involved are doing this.I don't think so.I'd like you to say in advance that I'm not talking about defamatory micro-mails, including our company, and our group has this project, which may be transferred, because it's just a chat tool, and it's being commercialized, and the country's already starting to conflict with this thing. Now I'm telling you every time I brush my friend's rings, sell my mask, sell my jewelry, sell my face, sell all my cosmetics, and it's just a fun tool, it's just a chatting tool, right?I don't think so.A lot of people are using it, like QQ, but he's getting more entertaining now. So it's possible to stop it now, and I told you before that you'd come and believe that you'd come and say that you're giving it to someone else, not someone else, but we're a hundred different people searching for it, and then we find someone who needs it.
text:But there are quite a few of them, yes.	labels:It is true that the early stages were not only necessary, but only by a lot of people.
text:If you have a low price, I can tell you that we're all in business circles.	labels:I say this to you, and I understand better, including that some of my clients who wanted to do it in the first place, have been slowly left behind, because it's an instrument of entertainment after all, and it's only shown on the cell phone, but we're not 100 degrees in combination with cell phones and computers, and since he has this brand, I think it's not very high, the price is the website that's trading, two websites for over 1,200 years, and 5,000 pre-positions are in your account, and it's just as much as you pay for it, but it's not his message that you might give him a few thousand dollars for it, and I give it to him, whether you do it or not.I don't think so.You don't look like this, you can think about it. If we don't talk about it again, you can think about it. If you're still the manager of the store this afternoon, we can give you some good advice, right? Because after all, we're doing it together, and we know something about it, whether we go along or we're like Twitter, and we can give you some advice, and it's okay if you think about it again, right?
text:Yes.	labels:Listen? What do you think? I'll get you a business manager this afternoon.
text:I'm telling you, I don't want to do anything if it's over.	labels:But I'm telling you, you can only be a website for $2,000, and it doesn't make much sense to be a website. And if you say you want to, you're sure you want to do a little better, right?
text:We're good at selling them. They're better than you guys are selling them.	labels:Did you pay for all the rice you sold in Bino?
text:It's not working. It's not working.	labels:The Pepsi buys it for a long time after all, you know? But it has a lot of support, and it has a lot of technical support, and it's certainly going to grow a lot.I don't think so.Is it basically 100% now? Lately, or surely, it's going to grow a lot, including hundreds more, like 91 assistants, Gps, 100%. After all, it's got this big support behind it. He's going to make a great deal of progress.I don't think so.It feels like you're still willing to listen to me. We've been talking about the economy for so long. We'll go back in the afternoon.
text:I can't take it next week. I can't take it any more.	labels:I think you'd like to do something about this, don't you? 2,000 thousand dollars, we're definitely not doing the same thing. My watch means it's simple, like when I used to read, I don't even think like I do right now. When I go out, I'm going out, I'm going to buy some cheap shoes, there's nothing on my clothes, there's probably going to be a rain on my shoes, there's going to be nothing on them, there's going to be tens of dollars.I don't think so.It's probably a lot of times after that, and then I think it's better to have a good guy and be more comfortable, and he won't be a good reason.I don't think so.Just like you did when it didn't work, we know because I had a client, and he kept me in a circle with him every time, but it didn't really work very well.I don't think so.Because one man plays the microblogging and he's doing it for fun.I don't think so.You think he's just trying to have fun, and no one likes it, like I said to you, and my friends, I've blocked the circle of friends that they're doing, and I've been giving him stuff every day, and he's getting so tired, and the circle of friends has been blocked, and I feel like I only know every day that it's bad to send them.I don't think so.It's not 100 degrees, it's a search engine, and we're all together with your cell phones to meet a lot of your needs. Mr. Kim doesn't want you to say how much money you're giving us right now.I don't think so.Anyway, I'm not saying that we don't have to be 100% of the company, that we have to work with us as soon as we meet, is it? We're doing this because we're 100%. We have special business managers in every region like Wuchang, Hanguchi and Hanyang, including the Yellow Shirts, so you don't have to worry about it.I don't think so.You're usually here this afternoon? Yes. That's it. We're still at that address this afternoon, and we're going to make sure that we call you, and then we're going to talk to you at the store, so you can give you some professional advice. After all, we still have a lot to do, no matter how much, because we still know a little more about this business than you do, and we're going to give you some professional advice, okay?I don't think so.All right, I'll see you in the afternoon. We'll be here around two or three o'clock this afternoon, okay?
text:There's no need to talk about this.	labels:It's not that I told you that many of our clients talked to you, that there was no need to talk at first, but when I did, I realized that 100% of business was still different from 100% of business managers.
text:Because I looked up some of you on the Internet.	labels:I think so.
text:Which means that no matter how many quarantines or visits, it's a little bit more specific.	labels:You read it online.I don't think so.I'm telling you, there are some comments on the Internet that it has some of its colleagues' malicious public opinion, because what is it? Because we're a huge search engine, and it's normal that when a man does what he does when he's in a position to do? Some of him thinks he can't do more than he can defame him. So, for example, I don't mean anything to you, but I'm just talking to you about 360 President Soong Hong-young.I don't think so.He always liked to get involved with 100 degrees. Why? Because he was doing the Saddle software, but now he's doing the search, and he wants to outperform us, but he doesn't have the power, so he can only get more public opinion to get involved with us, but how does he say, he says, "I don't have anything to say about him."I don't think so.Because if we can do this right now, and if we can do this to China, and not to mention the fact that we now have markets abroad, we certainly have some of our advantages, and the experience of our clients? The customer is definitely there, so we don't worry about some of these negative effects. All we have to do is satisfy you on your side, satisfy individual customers, and then follow up on the service.I don't think so.So I'll say it's easy in the afternoon, and we'll send a business manager to talk to you again, and you can do it yourself. Because I need you to do what you have to do. It's okay if you don't do it. It's okay if you don't do it. Okay?I don't think so.You're in the store anyway. We're not forcing you. I'm just trying to be simple. I can talk to you so much on the phone. He's a more professional business manager than I am. Do you think I'm professional?I don't think so.I'm going back to this section. Our business managers are more professional than I am. They've been working for four or five years. They know all the trends on the Internet. Some of them give you good advice, and then they develop your profession, especially yoga. What do you think?
text:Well, it's just that our boss is here at night, so be good.	labels:There's two more bosses in the afternoon, right? One? Yes, that's the deal, or the last address? Thank you very much. Mr. Kim will call you later in the afternoon from our business manager. Good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:It's beautiful, isn't it?
text:Yes.	labels:You know, I'm from the Hubei 100 degree company, and I'd like to consult with you about the business product that our company is currently working on, and if you've been thinking about developing a web market through the 100 degree platform so that customers in need can search for your product business, you can contact your company as a matter of priority.
text:You're 100 degrees. How do you know my phone number?	labels:Didn't you send a job offer here on the Internet?I don't think so.I'll see your phone here.
text:And that's right.	labels:There's a job offer sent out, and it seems to me that your company has just been registered. That name has just been handed over. Yes, I see you registered as Wuhan Tintian Shoes Co. Ltd... Yes, I see you registered as Wuhan Tintian Shoes Co. Ltd..I don't think so.And then I see your offer, it's as if you're looking for this piece. And I looked at it, and I went into your net store and I saw it, and you have a cat shop on your side, right? The treasure shop. If we promote it, you can just push it out.I don't think so.For example, if I have a need on my side, I say, if I want to buy or distribute a bunch of shoes, I'll search the Internet, and I'll be able to see that you can get into your catnet store shop for the first time, and then I'll buy it directly.
text:How do I do it, how do I do it?	labels:An approach? Here, you can use the shoe business as a keyword, e.g. the shoe retail wholesale business as a keyword, and when you have a client searching for the business product online, your company ' s information will be given priority over the 100-degree front page.
text:The bid is still pretty.I don't think so.It's a bid, isn't it?	labels:Right?
text:You said those doors were late, no one came into the company.	labels:Like before, we only signed a Connerconnar just before we called.I don't think so.He's the same as you. Do you know this company?
text:See me.	labels:He's been on the phone for a while before 100 degrees.I don't think so.He's on your side, he's on your side, he's on his side, he's on his side, he's on his side, he's on his side, he's on his side, and we're on your side, and we're on your side, and we're on your side, we're on your side, we're on your side, we're on your side, we're on your side, we're on your side, we're on your side, we're on your side, we're on your side, we're on your side, we're on your side, we're on your side, we're on your side, we're on your side, we're on your side, we're on your side, we're on your side, we're on your side, we're on your side, we're on your side, we're on your side.I don't think so.The main one of us just said that, for example, if I had to buy a bunch of shoes on my side, if I had to search the Internet for shoes, if I had to search the whole business, if I had to search the Internet, if your company had a network store in the Skycat store, it would be able to put it on the front page, so that customers could see it first and foremost.I don't think so.If he says he wants to buy one of these items directly, he'll go straight to our company's Skycat store for a network store, then go in for a business consultation, and then he'll just go straight to the bill.
text:Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.	labels:If you work with us, we'll give you a 100-degree account, a 100-degree backstage.I don't think so.The 100-degree account, the 100-degree backstage, is like the price of a visit, and you can make your own bid at the backstage.
text:Whether it's a call or a call call call.	labels:Short lines are free.I don't think so.It is only a valid visit at this time, and only at this time a fee is charged.
text:Could be.	labels:In fact, as you do, I know you've developed your business, like a treasure-hunting shop, a cat shop, and it's very focused on a website flow, right? Yes, and we can do it with 100 degrees, and it's a very large traffic window, which can bring you a lot of customer traffic.
text:Yes.	labels:And then we're going to have to spend it mainly on an annual service fee, plus a pre-arranged annual fee of $1,200 a year.I don't think so.We will then provide you with a professional one-on-one service. If you have any problems with your use, you can contact your customer service phone at a later stage.
text:That's a pretty high standard.	labels:This criterion is the same: if we add 5,000 to the standard, it will be assessed according to your effects cycle. If you do so, you will have a budget of 50 dollars a day. If you have a budget of about 3 months, 3 months, 3 months or so, then, if you have a customer in the first half of the first month of the preceding period, it will be stable in the first half of the first month, and he will know that your shop is second best, he may not buy it from you in the first month, but if he's going to work with you in the third month, it will have a very obvious effect. If he's going to find you, he won't find you in the account at this time. If he's going to find you in the first month, he won't find a shop in the first month.I don't think so.Well, it's an impact assessment cycle, like Cornell's shoe industry, and that's how we worked with you.I don't think so.See if you have time for tomorrow.
text:Day after tomorrow. What's tomorrow, Friday?	labels:Well, it's Thursday.
text:How about next Monday?	labels:The next Monday, we'll have a hundred centimeters on our side, and there'll be a few benefits to our clients at the end of the month, some value-added services, like a 100-degree map, some value-added services, such as offline treasures, that can be delivered by the end of the month, and some gifts, some of which can be attached to you. If you have any questions, we'll have some details on this, and we'll have a detailed discussion with you at the end of the month.I don't think so.You'll probably be over-exploitated by the next week of the month until next month. If you'll take one or two hours from tomorrow morning afternoon, you can discuss this in detail. Do you have a problem with this one? We can discuss it in person.
text:I have something tomorrow.	labels:Are you busy in the morning or in the afternoon?
text:I'm going in the morning, and I'm going in the afternoon. I have work to do in the morning, and I have some afternoon training in the afternoon.	labels:Tomorrow morning, huh?
text:Why don't you go early in the morning? We don't have time for tomorrow. We can't do it tomorrow.	labels:Tomorrow morning, early morning, later afternoon, okay?
text:I have a day tomorrow, and what I'm doing today is scheduling afternoon training sessions I'm going to.I don't think so.Participation.	labels:Your training course is about a few o'clock.
text:He's at 5:30.	labels:~ Five or six o'clock. We can come to you at about six or six o'clock.
text:I went to Wuchang to return to Jiangsu for an hour.	labels:You're on Jiang Han Road, and you're going to go to Wuchang for a training course? You're going to Wuchang on Wuchang Road, and it's quick to take the subway.
text:Half.	labels:It's a fast hour. You'll be here till 5:30, right?
text:It could be 5:30.	labels:We can talk to you at 6:30, we can talk to you directly at 6:30.
text:Okay, 6:30, that's 6:30.	labels:6:30, right? Okay. What's your address?
text:Yes.	labels:Gang Han Road.
text:Shanghai Road.	labels:Shanghai Road.
text:Valuing the building.	labels:What kind of building is Shanghai Road?
text:Give me this call tomorrow. Call me when you get to Shanghai Road.	labels:Call you directly on Shanghai Road. You were just talking about the building, you'll go straight up and sort it out.
text:Just a little up and down.	labels:The sound of the sound.
text:Straight straight.	labels:Extortion building, huh? Yeah.
text:Two twenty-five.	labels:200.
text:Second, second, second, 25th floor.	labels:Okay, thank you very much. Okay, I'll call you tomorrow. Bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is this Mr. Wong from Hong Kong Logistics? Yes. Mr. Wong, I'm doing internet outreach. Which side of the logistics company are you on? Hanguchi or Wuchang?	labels:What a network promotion.
text:Do you have any contact with our co-workers for the 100-degree promotion?I don't think so.Yeah. Yeah. What kind of plan are you talking about for the Internet now? Me.	labels:Just start.
text:You've just started a business. How do you all come to business now? If you don't do some publicity on the Internet, you should've accumulated some customer resources before, right? Have you thought about expanding some new business beyond these old customer resources?I don't think so.Let us just say a few words to you, which is the kind of items that you can put in your party's main logistics, and you can give them to us in the form of words, and then we'll put them in the backstage, and if someone searches online, it's the right thing to do, and when he searches the word, your company will first appear in the 18 places on the front page of the 100th page.	labels:Right?
text:It's Peng-hwan, our words are basically a result-based payment model, which means that if a client visits your website, we'll have a certain cost. But if you want to open an account, first of all, the deposit is for $5,000, at the very least.	labels:$5,000.
text:That's a lot of money. Prearranged 5,000, but we have other maintenance costs here. We have a special service. I'll help you with 100-degree backstages and a website backstage.I don't think so.Do you have a website now? No? We can do it with you, and the price of the site is more than $5,000, but if you do it, we're 1880, which means that all your entire system is coming down, and all the costs are added up, plus the website, the cellular site, and the service is 8288.I don't think so.Because where's your logistics company? Because we had a lot of customers in a logistics park.	labels:I don't know or I'm not in that ditch.
text:You're on the other side of the lake, and now our company's on the other side of Long Island.I don't think so.Mr. Wong, if you're here this afternoon, are you in the company?	labels:That guy doesn't know that, not necessarily.
text:So you're saying that if you're here, I'm applying to the customer manager who specializes in your logistics business to come over and talk to you about what you're doing here. And you're saying that if you're going to do this later, you can discuss with our customer manager how to do something like this.	labels:You asked him to talk to me in September.
text:It's this afternoon, isn't it?	labels:If you don't call me like this, I'll talk to you later.
text:What time is it?	labels:Let him call me.
text:You know, I'm gonna make an appointment with you at 2:00 right now, okay?I don't think so.That means I asked him to call you here at 2:00.	labels:All right, all right.
text:And then, in the afternoon, you'll set up a date with the two of them? Yes, you can. If it's our customer manager, it's a ride, you guys.	labels:What's it got to do with me?
text:The main thing is that, when you do this, the customers will contact you if they see your contacts here, because there are a lot of clients working with us at the money transfer park. Do you know what about the Anquinda logistics? I don't know, and they're all better clients, including ours.I don't think so.Him too.I don't think so.He just came to us three months ago, because he's always been consulting with his clients, and we're about 2:00 p.m., and there's a light track nearby.	labels:There should be a light track, and the terminal is the terminal.I don't think so.That's the end of East 5th Avenue, isn't it? Yeah.
text:Okay.	labels:We'll get off at 9:30.
text:I'll call you when I get to Dong Oo Avenue, right?	labels:Focus. Focus. We'll be right there.
text:That's where you are, right? Okay, I'll go to a test station with my client.I don't think so.Car station.	labels:East and West Lake Juice Car station.
text:Okay, then we'll have our customer manager come to him.	labels:I don't know much about business.
text:Our client manager is very familiar there, just saying that we're not very familiar with people in the company.	labels:I have to ask him something. Will he give it to him?
text:He's sure, because he's your guy, and he's sure to understand. I'm sure I'm looking for a customer manager who's specializing in your business.	labels:You can talk to me again.
text:Okay, this way at 2:00 p.m., okay?	labels:You'll have to call first.
text:All right, you go ahead, I'll send you my contact details later. My last name is Zhang Qi. Call me if you have any questions.	labels:Okay.
text:All right, will you be busy? Okay. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:How do you do? You've got Sun Poon's window here, right?	labels:More than 400.
text:You've been in touch with us before with the manager, haven't you?	labels:There's been contact. What's your name?
text:Which one are you talking about?	labels:You've got one of them. Find out who did that for me.
text:What do you mean, 100-degree promotion?	labels:The sand of China. The sand of China is the sand of Shakawa.
text:Which one is Chi?	labels:Tsai is 2/3 of Tsi.
text:Chi. Which one is the Warsaw Sand?	labels:The couch is the net.
text:Sandnet, isn't it? To a wink?	labels:On one.
text:Is he a human business or a business?	labels:He's a shopkeeper.
text:Self-employment, huh?I don't think so.Let me take a look at it for you. Are you saying he's doing the promotion in 100 of ours? Are you saying he's doing the promotion in 100 of ours?	labels:Did you know you weren't next to the computer?
text:I asked you by the computer if you didn't have this company. Did you report the mountain between China and China?	labels:Yeah, it's a sesame sesame sesame, down there.
text:I misspelled that word. You said there's no words. Yeah, well, which sand is sand?	labels:Salmon's sarcophagus salad.
text:Sand on the sand.	labels:A sand by the little pool, right.
text:But the problem is, there's no company. Does he have a company?	labels:Ministry of Finance and Management of Gold Building Materials.
text:So he's an individual? Yeah, he's an individual now without a business.	labels:If you don't have a business, you can search it 100 degrees from the net. I can't find it.
text:Searched 100 degrees, so without their company, they've done 100 degrees or something before.	labels:He's been doing it up there. He can find it now. You can buy it if you lose.
text:Is there a mistake? Do you remember the domain name of his website?	labels:The web page is searchable for only these keywords.
text:The problem is, I searched the sand between China and China. It's the sand of the corner. What's the name of the sand?	labels:China East and West Lake, Chinese sand and sand.
text:I know, he didn't tell him to advertise in Pedo.	labels:Yes.
text:It's called Yuji Hua. He's been doing it for a long time, right?	labels:Can he get a three-word key IQ as well?
text:No, you just told me that, because I didn't get it, I went to their network, but I saw them with the network, which they call Chinese Renminin through 100 degrees.	labels:Well, what kind of collaboration are they?
text:He's working with Pepsi, he's working on a website, and when it's done, he calls it a brand, right?	labels:Yes.
text:Do you do this, too? Yes? Yes.	labels:Because I look at things up there a lot. He jumps out a lot, you know?
text:You can keep an eye on them because they're on the East and West Lake side, and they've been doing the same thing as your product, and they've been doing it for a long time, because they've been working together for 10 years, right?	labels:Right.
text:The boss is in Autumn. He's still doing good work, because at the end of the year.	labels:I think he said you did a good job. I went to them.
text:You spoke to them.	labels:Communication, right? Communication.
text:Not much? I'm telling you the truth, because you're no worse than them.	labels:It's really not bad for them. I didn't work with Pepsi.
text:I've always said that if you do have a plan, because there's a lot of platforms he's just saying he's trying to promote to the company, because he might be attractive in your old clientele, maybe he's doing well in his old clientele, right?I don't think so.You should be. All we have to do now is say that we're using the Internet when your old client is fixed, because now the Internet is a new form, and it's probably a lot more young people are looking for, and when I'm finished, I'm more likely to find it on the Internet, so in one case, you bring some of these new customers to you, so you want to work with them on a 100-degree basis.	labels:There's a small number. Look at the way he works together. Look at the way his contract works.
text:What kind of cooperation, huh?I don't think so.He's working with them.	labels:Keyword search or domain name or ranking, or what kind of collaboration?
text:What you're looking at is our 100-degree search extension.	labels:Search and promote, huh?
text:What do you call my name KIM Ju?	labels:My last name is Guan.
text:Close it? That's the point. If they're doing a search to promote this piece, it's easier to tell you, for example, that he's got a client looking for a curtain like Wuhan online, or a window like Wuhan, Wuhan, and a window, it can see your company's information directly on the 100-degree front page, and it can see them.	labels:What's that?
text:100 degrees is a result charge, which means that because of 100 degrees, I'm going to say to you briefly, what's your company's name?	labels:Wuhan is beautiful.
text:Which district do you belong to?	labels:Wuchang District oh.
text:Right, Wuchang? Okay, I'll talk to you briefly, if you've done it before.	labels:Which one did you call?
text:It's your plane. It's you. Oh, it's you, isn't it?	labels:Why don't you take my cell number?
text:Please say so.	labels:13701371647164987987. Just remember, I'll tell you one thing.
text:I can do it now.	labels:It's a call transfer. You can call your cell number again later. My phone number is free of charge.
text:Okay, okay, I'll call you on your phone. You hang up. I'll call you later. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:It's Mr. Wu Wei Bong, isn't it?
text:You are.	labels:Mr. Chung. My name is Sue, and my name is Surinja, and I'm working on the website with Pedo-Hubei, and I'm working with Pedo-Hubei, so I'd like to know that our company has been in touch with you all along, right?
text:I said.	labels:Our company has always had a colleague with you. Right, because I don't seem to see you working with us, but my colleague has been in touch with you for a long time.
text:No, because I'm thinking about it, 'cause we're a industry that's a little popular, you know?I don't think so.That's just two Shanghais and Nanjings, and they're all very bad companies. You.	labels:Tell me what your main product is. Let me check it out for you. I don't know where you got the data.
text:Automobile air conditioners, compressors.	labels:Hold on a second.
text:It is not the same as commercial air conditioners, and it is not the same as air conditioners for domestic and cold storage.I don't think so.It's supposed to be a car air conditioner compressor.	labels:I told you that the daily search of the AC compressors was 92 times a day, and then it was equivalent to saying that there were almost so many people looking every day, and that I personally felt that your key word was very professional, that amateurs in general or that he did not need him to search, so the general searcher must have a relative need, and I'll show you whether there were a lot of customers, but there might still be a couple of them, but there might be a couple of key words that you could do, and if you did, you could do this exact match, or it could be so extensive, mainly that you could find your potential client, and, as you said, I don't know where I found the data that you understand, but if we do, any of the key words that you might pass, and the customers that you might find, he might do 100 degrees, but he didn't show or anything at the time, and he could do it, but if you could just endorse our platform, I'm sure this could be considered.
text:I'd like to think because there seems to be no one in this industry to distance themselves.	labels:How?I don't think so.Maybe it's not like there's more to it than there's more to it, so you can imagine if there's a need for it, and if there's a search, it's your potential client. I'd like to ask you if your value is higher, and then the output is more optimistic than sure. Then because you know yourself, including me, I don't know anything about air conditioning.I don't think so.I know all about these smart air conditioners, but what you do is a car air conditioner compressor, and if you work with us then you can change the publicity to a precise match, and you can go through these words and then find you instead of looking for air conditioners. The air conditioner maintenance can find you. It's not necessary, it's not your money, it's your client, it's a very precise client, and I think it's a way of communicating that is more appropriate for you than our client.I don't think so.So I'm going to say to you that I may have been in touch with your former colleague, that you should know more about the price of our model, and that I personally feel that your business is more appropriate.I don't think so.The first is that its current competition is not particularly large, and it does not say such other words as, for example, that the key words such as air conditioning maintenance may be more competitive than you, that your keywords are less competitive, so if you are now committed to working with us, your advertising costs are still relatively high in value.
text:Let's see, shall we?	labels:In fact, our colleague has been in touch with you, Mr. Zhou, and you've been thinking about it. Rather than think about it yourself, you have a problem, so it's very, very straightforward to go with you. After all, it's not new.
text:You said if I did, I wouldn't be in a hurry in winter, because what? Our market won't start until the end of March. If I did, I might be able to do it before and after spring.	labels:This thing doesn't mean you're too late. Just tell me what I found in our system. There's almost 100 searches per day every week. Maybe it's not a lot higher than the other words, but what does that mean?I don't think so.You still have a lot of needs. If you're a boss, it's not too early or late. You always make a little money, are you? And I'm sure you've been in this business for a long time, and I'm sure you're more professional than I am. But I don't know what I'm talking about, but I've got some data on my side.
text:Can you check the cold pump, the cold pump, if there's anyone looking for these two words?	labels:It's freezing, isn't it?
text:The cooling is cool. The cold pump is the pump.	labels:I've never heard of this before, so I can imagine that if you do it then, it'll be your exact client.
text:I'll be right back.	labels:It's frozen, isn't it? Don't forget it.
text:Put one stone above it, one water below it.	labels:I know this spelling, so why can't he get behind him?
text:It's supposed to be be ben no.	labels:That's not a poison pump. It's cold. Are you saying you're only doing this, or are you doing repairs?
text:Maintenance we don't do recycling.I don't think so.There is no recovery of the freeze.	labels:That's not a very popular thing to say.
text:That's the word no one's looking for.	labels:Not that no one was searching, but you know that the money is in your 100-degree account, and it won't get any less.I don't think so.So I think that you might not find anything, especially for a professional client like yourself, but for someone like us who has a better understanding, we think that the value of words like your words is very high.I don't think so.Well, because he brought you clients in need, he didn't say, like, some ordinary words, maybe he went to search sometimes, but it didn't represent what he needed, and he might just have some other needs, right?I don't think so.And it's not so much a competition right now, it's probably just a minimum price, and then, like your industry, there's on average five or six times a year of our annual renewal, which means it's still quite high, because it's certainly a long-term cooperation that we want with our clients, right?I don't think so.And the sooner you do it, the sooner you do it, the higher the quality of the 100-degree extension account will be.
text:Let me think about it. I can't remember this time.	labels:You said yes, because I've been in contact with a lot of clients every day, and frankly, it's a lot to tell me on the phone, but after a while, they'll probably be looking for our company or something, and he'll find out that many of his friends are with us, that many of our colleagues in our dormitory are already working with us, and he'll think about it when he finds out that he's doing it, that he's competing with his peers, and I'll tell you directly what you're doing right now, because you're not doing a lot of work with your competitors, and it's a 100-degree competition, right?I don't think so.By the time you do it later, by the time you do it, by the time you do it, by the time you do it, by the time you spend the same money, and, as you said, by the end of the month, by the end of the year, it'll be better. I'll tell you, we're all thinking about these issues, and we're addressing your needs, and we can set the time off the backstage, just like I have a client, he's doing the air conditioner, he's working with me a long time ago, but he might stop at winter, right?I don't think so.He's got money in his account. He opened it directly in the summer. He's more likely to do it than all of a sudden, and suddenly he wants us to go online with him. He must be a lot easier in every way, don't you think?I don't think so.And now that we are on National Day, and now that we are active this month, so many of our clients have been very cooperative this month.
text:Let me ask you a question. You said you were like a client who did it and asked for advice, and that would be counterproductive. Did you say that this thing went down, that it was closed down.	labels:No, that's not true, because you don't know what part of your company you search every day, and it's probably me today, and I'm probably interested in seeing your company today, but I may not contact or cooperate, and I might just leave your contact, leave your name, and search your name when I need it, right?I don't think so.And then I believe you're on the line, and if you're the boss, you've got a judgment of your own, and we've got a professional customer service on our side, and he's not a professional customer service division.
text:You say, "If I've been doing it for a while, and I want to do it for a while now, can someone else search my company?"	labels:Others can search through the name of your company and then some other information, but not necessarily through keywords, but you can rest assured, why?I don't think so.Because after you cooperate with us 100 times, your website becomes more active, and when you show more, your website will become more powerful, which means that whatever publicity you do, it will certainly be much longer than any other client.
text:If my company's name is Woo Hua Wei Wei, I'm not going to keep Woo Wei Wei as a search word, if my client searches me through Woo Wei Wei Wei, will you charge me a fee?	labels:I'm sure it's not a charge, Mr. Chung. It's a 100-degree charge. It's a 100-degree search engine, and it's a 100-degree search engine, it's a 100-degree search engine, it's a 100-degree search engine, it's a 100-degree search engine, it's a 100-degree search.I don't think so.It is reasonable that we all consider a long-term cooperation.
text:For example, because I did some ads myself, my name and my website told clients to come in and see it without charge, right?	labels:Right?I don't think so.You can certainly print a domain name on your business card, by which time the site's domain name will certainly be free of charge. Then, by the key, the name of your company, including your cell phone number, will not be sealed, so long as you don't use the social key word, the owner will not use the name of the company as the key word, right?I don't think so.And this part is free, and we're here to show you a very intuitive display of your online presence. Do you have a client? And secondly, you find a potential client of your client through keywords, you catch channels, and now we have a network outreach, including cell phones, which are some of our 100% very good products, and many of the other early search engines are not yet available. Are you sure you're going to go to the front end of this thing? Where did you go this afternoon, or where you are now?
text:I am.	labels:At the Long Pier, if you don't, we'll meet today and talk about it. If we talk about it, we'll fix it. What do you think?
text:I don't need to think about it. I think you have a colleague here to talk about it once.	labels:I know, you see Director Chow, I think that's the problem. You see our former colleagues talk to you? Maybe you think you know everything, you feel I know everything, I think about it, but do you feel something else through my conversation with you today? What does that mean?I don't think so.If you don't do this at this time, you won't cooperate with us. You may have a lot of things that you don't know about, so if you're working with us in a real way, our service will be very professional, and you can be assured of that.
text:Let me think.	labels:And search and search, for God's sake.
text:Look what I sent you. You all have one thing in common. You know what's so urgent?	labels:Are you in a hurry? Mr. Chow? I don't think we're in a hurry or anything. I'll tell you this.I don't think so.Second, you don't think I'm clear with you, it's clear, so you can imagine.
text:But you know what's best for you, don't you?	labels:Yes, but I'm telling you that, as I speak to a lot of clients every day, many of them at first say it's inappropriate and they don't want to do it, but that's not the case, but the next thing you know, we'll think about working with us, because after all, we're a very mature platform, and we're hoping that we can make a difference to you.I don't think so.Are you sure you're right? Tell me you're saying that we're on our way to the Fourth of July. We've already started some activities this month. You don't work with us. You have a lot of clients working with us every day, right? You can't say no. You don't do it like you think I'm in a hurry or I'm in a hurry. I'm not in a hurry. Why?
text:This big you don't do, yeah.	labels:So the main reason for the clock is because our colleague Wang Shek Qing, he's here to give me feedback, which means he's very sincere, so I've been in touch with you all along, and I think we're gonna solve this thing if there's something wrong with it, don't you think?I don't think so.Whether you cooperate or not, I hope we can get back to you later, right?I don't think so.So if it rains today, if we meet again, I won't get the money on you, right?
text:It's gonna be a lot easier these two days because they're off soon.	labels:I've always told you that the clock is going to be off in two days, and you have a lot of things to do, so you're going to have to talk to, because many of your clients are like you, so you're busy after the Fourth of July, and you'll have time to see us, and you may not have time to draw it out, really.I don't think so.Okay.
text:Mr. Chu, I'd like to put it after the Fourth of July.	labels:Do you still want to put it after the Fourth of July? Can you fix this after the Fourth of July or what?
text:Five years later, I'd like to think about doing more or not.	labels:If you want to do it or not, why wait until after National Day?I don't think so.You can always think about it by yourself, and you must say we're going to talk about it, don't you think?I don't think so.Look at this simple conversation I had with you today, and I find you still have a lot of problems. He's got a problem. He doesn't say he's sleeping or anything, he knows it, right?
text:It's time to think it through. Then it's really not the moment we talk about it, basically the whole thing.	labels:I'll tell you what.
text:Because I'm going to do a little paper ad every year, and I'm going to weigh it, because we're just an ad, and they're going to be in the same business, and there's some very precise pitches in the garage, and I'm thinking that you're going to focus on your side, because I don't know what I'm going to say in the paper ad every year. If I'm going to do it 100 degrees, I'm going to take my year, and I'm going to pay for it all.	labels:I've just said to you, Mr. Chung, that you've just said a question, and I think I can solve every problem you have, and I feel sorry for myself. You've just said that you want to put it on some other industry platform, and I've told you at this point that we have more than 600,000 co-operative advertising platforms, regardless of which advertising platform you want to put us on, and you've said 58 thanks to Ali Baba, and you may not need a lot of effort to do it.I don't think so.You've been thinking about this for a long time, you know? Otherwise we're doing so well.
text:How do I understand what you just said?	labels:So I'm going to give you an example, and you're going to go for a tour now, 58 or 58, and you're going to say, for example, that I'm a potential client of yours, and I might need a cold stick. And then I'm going to search for a cold stick, and then I'm probably going to look at your information. Maybe I'm going to go to the industry website now, and I'm going to the industry website, and then I'm going to see it online, and I'm going to find out that you're going to have information about your network in the form of a picture, and there are two possibilities at this time, the first of which is that I don't click on this image and have a cell phone number, and I'm going to call you directly and show that we're totally free, and I don't need to charge you a penny.I don't think so.What's the second scenario? So I clicked on your website, and the information on your site was perfectly cushioned in front of me. At this point you can understand that I was going to watch the news, but what does that mean when I left my time to watch the news to see your website? Does that mean that I'm very interested in your website? Does that make you understand? So he's very willing to be like my kind of potential client, so you don't have to worry about it, and I think you have a lot of questions, and it's good that I'll call you today, or you're really missing a good opportunity.I don't think so.Seriously, your address is 785 Long Beach 43-10? Yeah, and then this afternoon, because I have a client who's in the neighborhood, and then I'll meet you here, so let's talk about it, Mr. Song, because it's also on the Fourth of July, and we're very busy. We'll have a lot of customers to deal with after the Fourth of July, okay?
text:What do you think? If you come by, don't come here if you want to come here.I don't think so.Don't take your time, I'm sorry to tell you.	labels:I don't think it's fate to see a client in my eyes.
text:You came all the way from that company, didn't you?	labels:No, because I'm gonna be over there this afternoon.
text:The business didn't work out, as if they were upset, and I'm embarrassed.	labels:Mr. Chu, I want to talk to you about this more because I think you're thinking about us, you know?
text:No, that's the way these people are, they're like hearts, all right.	labels:What time is it in the afternoon?
text:This afternoon I've been there.I don't think so.I've been here for a long time.	labels:- All the time? - Okay. If we meet directly in the afternoon, we'll talk about it, okay?I don't think so.Anyway, because I'm here because it's raining a lot of customers in the company, and then it's nice, and I'm particularly happy that you're meeting me today because there's no sun today, you know? It's not tanning.
text:I thought if you guys had a client here anyway, you could come over and talk. I'd like to know more.I don't think so.Yes.	labels:I think this is me too.
text:Don't hold my hand and say I'll pay for it right away, and don't report on the subject.	labels:I'm telling you, if I'm a very good business salesman, I'm a loser if I'm suggesting that every time I go directly to a customer to pay, right? I think this is a good-faith one. You're meeting with me, and I'm sure I'll work things out with you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, I'm Mr. Yang.	labels:Hello, Mr. Yang.
text:I'm from Wuhambudo, and I've been talking to your brother since then, and he said he wanted me to contact you today.	labels:What's with the website?
text:We're here mainly to help you with this Internet extension, so that more of your clients can find a pattern like this on your side by searching for Wuhan Hsiaowood sales in 100 degrees.	labels:I now have the name of the company, and I'm going to change things this year, and then I'm going to do it a little later.
text:It's a little late for that, isn't it?I don't think so.But it is true, as I understand it, that speaking of your profession, it is true that in the period from 99 to November, these two words are supposed to belong to the season from September to October.	labels:Know I have no problem with my business.
text:I know it's true, but there's a change in the name of the company's license. It doesn't really exist, and it doesn't have much to do with your later business or anything. Because if we're on the backstage, we need to make a plan for you, you know?I don't think so.And what I've been saying all this time is that I'm doing some work on this piece of Wuhan Hsingwood, and I'm sure I'm reading about this piece of wood.I don't think so.Wuhan credit clerks say they haven't heard of it before.	labels:You haven't heard of it.
text:He's been working with us for over a hundred years, and he's been working with us for 13 years, you know?I don't think so.Is this the case with Mr. Yang, that is to say, have you ever had access to other Internet platforms, that is to say, to get some customers over the Internet?	labels:Not at all.
text:You've been in touch? How many years have you been here?	labels:It's been seven or eight years.
text:It's '78. You're sure you're doing a pretty good business now, right? You're sure you're saying that at this point, but, you know, it's an Internet age, right? If you need a company for long-term stability at a later stage, you're going to do the Internet, right?I don't think so.It's easy to say, if there's a client, he's also contacted you about your seedling company, and then he's in contact with another seedling company, but if he comes home to think about it, he's searching for Wuhan seedlings in 100 degrees, but he just saw another seedling company promoting it, right? Then one of the impressions in the client's heart at this time is even more profound, right?I don't think so.So what I'm saying here is that Yang is always like this, so did your brother call you about this?	labels:Force hasn't yet.
text:He hasn't been here yet. You haven't been in touch before. You're mostly in seedwood sales. Do you have any flowers for rent or something?	labels:Schools are sold as seedlings, followed by base seedlings that are grown and sold.
text:Growing and selling? That's perfect. I'm telling you, you're in Wuhan's yellow one. If you do the same thing, you have to hurry, because I see a lot of it on my side, which is also in Hubei province, but the seedlings of the experiment are pretty good, right? Like some experiments, and some customers of Changsha, and he's covered us directly with some of his promotional information and directly with Wuhan in Lake North.I don't think so.Basically, there were a lot of clients in the field, and he had begun to cover the entire country.I don't think so.In fact, as you said later, do you now focus primarily on Hubei or Wuhan Lei?I don't think so.For Wuhan, if you want to develop steadily over the long term, or if you want to expand one of your companies' operations, you can also say that you can change some of the company's operations.I don't think so.And it's still a clinic, so you don't have to pay too much to maintain this part of our network, because we have a professional and powerful customer service to help you with the backstage, you know?	labels:Where is your company?
text:Our company is located on Longlong Island in Jiangxia, and we are building a new technology park here, so if you ever have a chance to come to Tibetan Long Island, you can see directly that you can see 100 degrees above our 100 degree building in the same place in Changchun Island.	labels:I'm in the vicinity of Long March.
text:It's near Long March, isn't it?I don't think so.It's pretty close. That's what Mr. Yang is saying. Where is Changchun Island now?	labels:I'm like this. I'm on my way back from Kannan to Jiangxia.
text:It's on the way back to Jiangxia. Is that what you said to us before Mr. Yang? Is that what I'm saying to you?	labels:No, we charge how we charge.
text:Here's the thing. We have two bills. I just told you.I don't think so.It's a one-to-one service maintenance, management service is $1,200, which means we have a commissioner backstage to help you maintain and set you a key word, for example, the sale of Wuhan Hsiaowood, which is a key word for you, or you're Wuhan, which means you're planting and selling together?I don't think so.And then planting this is actually a key word for you, and then we're going to help you choose the most popular key word of all quality, and then we're going to ask you to do the promotion, and that's what our guests do, right?I don't think so.And then I just told you that we're charging for effective access, and we have a minimum deposit of $5,000, but, according to some companies in your company, if he wants to have a better customer or a better extension at a later stage, he's going to choose between 5000.12 million and opening the account for the first time.I don't think so.But here's the thing, which is that you haven't had access to the Internet before, so I'm just suggesting that you open the account for the first time for $6,200, so that you can have a regularity, and then let me show you how it works after you've done this, in the last few months or in the second half of the year.I don't think so.For the time being, the Wuhan Wood sales keyword is one of the highest quality in our 100 degrees, and then there are almost six to seven hundred in every day's search, and the lowest in every day, and now you're at one or two thousand in every season.I don't think so.And this, and this pattern, are you in Jiangxia now?	labels:It's me, uh, I'm from Jiangxia. I know.
text:Then we're also Jiangxia's, and here's the thing. You two have a good time today or tomorrow, and I'm sending a client manager to give you a plan because I'm talking on the phone, and you don't have a good idea of what we're talking about, right?	labels:Okay, I'll see you in a couple of days, okay?I don't think so.I know.
text:Then you can see whether you have time on Saturdays Sundays or Mondays, because we can do both.	labels:One.
text:It's better Monday, isn't it?I don't think so.What you're saying here is that I'm helping you with one of my systems, and your brother's company, Wuhan City, is a farm development company. What's your name?	labels:I'm a Xia's mouth mill.
text:Summer what.	labels:Xia's mouth mill.
text:Summer's mouth.	labels:Summer.
text:Summer summer summer summer summer summer.	labels:Family home. Mouth.
text:Shut up. You said that.I don't think so.Wasn't it the Muhanxia mouth mill?	labels:The name of the north was written by Jiangxiang and Xia.
text:So you just told me that the name of your company's license might change at a later stage? Yes, it doesn't exist, because we can keep in touch at a later stage, right?I don't think so.And then, if you have any problems with changing your license, then I'm going to have to say that we're going to have some businesses and companies like the Charg d'affaires, which are pretty good with our company, and then you're going to contact the company, which is going to have you deal with it quickly.I don't think so.Then here's the thing, that's where it's better for us to meet you.	labels:Monday's fine? I know.
text:Where's Jiangxia on Monday?	labels:Saddle Mountain.
text:Which Ann?	labels:Safe and secure.
text:Safe. Is the mountain a mountain of water?	labels:On the saddle, where is the saddle? On the saddle mountain street, you go to the saddle mountain, so we'll contact you before you go.
text:I'll send a client manager over on Monday, and I'll give you a call before he leaves, okay?	labels:All right, all right.
text:Mr. Yang, if you'll excuse me, I'll see you on Monday.	labels:Good-bye. Good-bye.
text:Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:It's always the hole in the in-house space decoration, isn't it?
text:Hello.	labels:Mr. Confucius, do you have a dragon garden in the back of the lake? Here, I see you're in the area of outdoor decorations, and I'm in charge of your business. I'm 100 degrees. I'm in charge of website construction and 100 degrees promotion, and I'm in touch with you today, mainly because you're in charge of decorating this piece, and now it's very high on 100 degrees of Internet search, and then, when he searches for interior decorations, it's 100 degrees of direct information from one of your peers, and I don't see any information from your company, so I'm calling you to give you this information.I don't think so.If we ask you about this piece of information, if you can find it online and prove that it brings business to your side, do you want to use this platform of the Internet to do business here?
text:Yes, how do you charge.	labels:Here's the thing. If we're 100 degrees, it's a search engine. Right.
text:I am.	labels:It's 100 degrees, isn't it?I don't think so.As you can see, if we rent space devices and work with 100 degrees, 100 degrees will give priority to putting your company's information on the 100 degrees' front page so that others can see your company, including some later transactions we'll make with you, some credit certification, and others will trust your company, and they'll talk to you directly, call you, or consult you about something on top of your business, that's all, and then we'll pay 100 degrees as a result-based model, and you'll pay for it only when it visits your website information. If your information shows up completely free of charge, you don't need to pay, do you understand?
text:What do you mean? I'll pay when someone hits, right?	labels:It is someone who has been able to visit your website and then pay for it. If he just opens your website and then shuts it down, he has not been able to access your information site, or if he just searches your company's information, sees your contact and calls you directly, prefers to call you directly, and brings you business groups here free of charge.I don't think so.That's right.
text:How do you charge for this?	labels:If you decorate this piece, it means that in every company we consider it to be different in terms of publicity and publicity. We have a different set of meals, but the bottom line is that there is a deposit of $5,000 and an annual service fee of 1,200.I don't think so.For 100 degrees, it means promoting your information. If you go on the line, you can find a fee of $6,200 for it by going directly to the network name search and decorating project.
text:6200.	labels:For you.
text:It's $6,200 for someone else to click to find me.	labels:This is not a one-time, 6200, which means your advertising line is 100 degrees, which means we're working together, which means we're going to cost $6,200 if we get on the line with you.I don't think so.Well, if you're going to do a loan piece on your side, you're going to have to do it now, so as long as you get a list from the business, you're going to get the bill back, right?
text:I have a friend, a good friend of mine, who runs the company, and they have a website called Pepsi, and they tell me they're all $1,500 to build a website.	labels:Well, that's what I'm talking about. You don't have a website now, do you? He's done it on 100 degrees for a piece like your friend, and you should know it's going to work for you on 100 degrees.I don't think so.Then we'll send you a website free of charge on the basis of outreach. This site is a three-wire independent domain name site, and then we'll add $188 to it, and then everything will be done on our side, on our side, on your side, later on, and we'll do it later, okay?
text:You're $6,200, and I can get my regular hits online, and I can show them up, yeah.	labels:You must have your own website if you can see it. If there's a website on the other side, you can do it. If there's a website on the other side, you have to do it. Because your company's part of it is based on the Internet.I don't think so.So we're just a little bit of a conversation on the phone, and you know what you've done on the side. See if you have time for tomorrow. We'll go over here and talk to you face-to-face about your renovation, including if you have any problems we can solve in person, okay?
text:Tomorrow at what time.	labels:Do you see when tomorrow is convenient, morning or afternoon?
text:Tomorrow I'll think about 9 a.m. tomorrow.	labels:Tomorrow at 9 a.m.
text:It's 9:09 to 9:30.	labels:9-9:30, isn't it? You have more time at this time, don't you?
text:I'm afraid I'll have to go out later because I have a lot of work to do on my side, often at the end of the day.	labels:All right, I'll take care of that while I'm on my side, and then you'll be in one of those triples.
text:I am located in Fukugi, nine of 1804. One floor, Fukugi, the other side of the road, there is Fukugi, the other nine, the other side of the river, the other side of the river, the other side of the street, the other side of the street, the other side of the street, and the other side of the street.	labels:Nine 1804 Blue Roads. Which one?
text:Happily blessed.	labels:Happiness, isn't it?
text:Fusing City.	labels:Which one's new.
text:New City Fusing City? Nine 1,8049 units.	labels:1804? You're the head of our unit, right?
text:Right.	labels:It's our business to decorate our rent-a-permit space later, isn't it?I don't think so.That's the name of the company, isn't it?
text:Right.	labels:Okay, I'll write down the time and place on my side, and then I'll make arrangements for this client manager who specializes in decorating, so you can go over and get your colleague's information, including your friend's information, and talk to you face-to-face, okay?I don't think so.Then you have the QQ or something. I'll write it down later so I can keep in touch with you later.
text:35214553521455?	labels:- 3521455, huh? - Yeah.
text:You have to make friends and tell you what you're doing. I don't usually add people.	labels:All right, well, I'll text you my cell number, and you can write my number here. I'm a great great-grandfather, a view, and you can call me "Sen"?
text:Good, good, good.	labels:Do you have any other seating numbers besides this phone number? I'm afraid the customer manager will call you, the phone won't answer, or he'll be in a hurry.
text:6560991865659589899988.99891829656609918, huh?	labels:Yeah, well, I'll text you later, so you can put my phone number in your comms so you can find me a little easier.
text:But there's something I'd like to consult on. How much would I pay for a single website?	labels:I'll talk to you later when our client manager comes in.I don't think so.Because we're just talking on the phone, it's not very clear. Okay, I'll send you a text for storage.
text:You want to contact me in the morning? Okay.	labels:Our customer manager will give you a call tonight or tomorrow, and you'll get on the phone.I don't think so.Good-bye, good-bye, good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Ms. Feng. I called you yesterday, remember? You said you'd ask about your husband last night. What did you think about your husband? Did you ask him today? What did he say?	labels:For the time being, I don't know what it's like to think about doing this. Just tell me what you've been doing for a year.
text:Because what's actually better, because what you're doing with building materials, what you're doing with building glue, and what he's actually not saying is that it's a very everyday product, it's not a one-time amount of this stuff that's big, and it's definitely better targeted if people look for it, right?	labels:You're 58th in the same town or something? I'm 100 degrees on this side, 100 degrees.
text:100 degrees.	labels:100 degrees.
text:You know, you can use 100 degrees if you use them all the time. If you search the Internet, do you use 100%? We're sure we're talking about 58 co-city traffic, because you're sending some information on 58 co-city all the time, right?I don't think so.I've seen you online, I've made a mobile scaffolding lease on Wuhan's side, and there's an accelerator with water on Hungshan's side, you know? And Anc, there's a Tung scaffolding lease on Hanyang's side, you know? He's in Hanyang's side, and he's in Hanyang's scaffolding business.	labels:Do you have any in Hung Mountain?
text:I just told you that Anje was in the fire, in the fire market, in Longwood Bay.	labels:There's no St. German.
text:So what's the price of some of the keywords he bought on the Internet, what's the key word he bought on the Internet, it's full of scaffolding, then aluminium alloy scaffolding, wheel-buttoning scaffolding, it's a scaffolding, isn't it?I don't think so.And then it's got a scaffolding scaffolding, and then it's a scaffolding scaffolding.I don't think so.This is made by Anjet Angel's scaffolding rental company in the Hung Mountains, who usually buys these keywords and then, on Wuhan's side, how much does he spend a month? He spends $12,000 a month, probably $50.50 a day online, and then he clicks almost 1,000 times a day, and more than 1,000 people see it. Yeah, yeah.	labels:How much do you pay for a year?
text:One year it's not a year, it's a website, it's a 1300 dollar website, it's a cell phone for a cell phone, it's a 7200 dollar website that you own later, and it's promoted, and it's a $6,000 pre-release fee, for example, for your key word, like Angie's Internet buttons with a scaffold, and then a full scaffolding, and then some buttons, and the scaffolds are just one bid.	labels:Did you say you were doing the electric web site?
text:You're sure it's the most used to imagine 100 degrees, and you're 58 with the city and it's just a sort of information site, don't you think? Plus, we're on 100 degrees, because it's not a concept or a worker's point of view, if you don't understand, ask if 100 degrees is actually doing better, and, like your industry, it's usually going to be on your side in the 7th of June, May, May, June, May, June, May, June, June.I don't think so.And I looked at it.	labels:More than $700,700 over $88,500.
text:A website, which will all be yours in the future, will then be available at 7200.	labels:The website is my own website, and your promotion is 7200.
text:For this site, it's a stand-alone domain name, like the kind of little company you've seen that doesn't have a company profile on it, then contact information and, finally, a 100-degree map, right?	labels:I know you guys, and I don't know if it's working, and he's...
text:It's smart. I've just given you an example. The key word for a scaffolding is simply to make a scaffolding, or to rent a piece of steel, which already has 7 or 8 families on Wuhan's side, like the red mountain side of Wuhan City. What you're saying is he's ranked first?I don't think so.It's number one, it's a building materials business department, and then I'll see where it is. It's 1% now, and then it's a website that's done on 100 degrees, and it's a very small movie, and it's a scaffolding.	labels:Where's the address?
text:I'll tell you where he's at. He's usually a scaffolder. He's one of those. His boss's name is Xu. He's in White Hills. He's at the 55-ton bus stop in Bermuda.	labels:Where?
text:I'm in love with a place in the city of Wu Don Qinglin Park, where the Wuchang Institute of Industry is approaching the upper ring line, the upper part of the white sand.	labels:He's on your website, too, right.
text:It's our website, too. It's a pretty good site, you know?	labels:How many years did he do it?
text:He's been doing it for over 12 months, and he's been working together for almost a year, okay?	labels:One.
text:More than a year old. He's two sons of VIPs now.	labels:Can't you find out for a few years?
text:He has now been able to tell you himself that he has been a client for more than a year and that he has been at least three years and more and has been for more than 12 months.I don't think so.But he did it for a couple of years, and our data doesn't show that, anyway, I told you what he did, and he made some water-quality magnetic series, and then three or three card series, and then he replenished it, and then the buttons knew about it.I don't think so.If you think it's okay, let's show you the effects of his website, and then let's let you take a look at him, then make a website in his form, and then give you an idea of what you're doing, because he's basically the same product as you, right?I don't think so.And he's on the net now.	labels:You said 7,000, seven thousand, seven hundred, right?
text:7200 outreach, followed by 1300 website.	labels:Now the promotion means I won't pay for it this year.
text:It's something you're doing well, and it's something you're more willing to do, and you're not willing to do it this month if you say you're investing $7,200 in an ad, you're doing it online, and then the business is actually up. You think it's working, you say he's using your money so fast, you think it's doing better, you want to get better later, don't you?	labels:Can you change the address?
text:You can change whatever you want, and we can change you at any time.I don't think so.The area you want to promote, for example, is known to the entire province of Hubei. The scaffold in the province of Hubei is the scaffolding of Wuhan's scaffolds, and then the steel scaffolding of the scaffolds, staircases, scaffoldings and scaffolds, so that he can be found.I don't think so.If you're not at the store this afternoon, why don't I come over and talk to you about this?	labels:I'm afraid you might have called me this afternoon if I had time.
text:Look, I'll come by tomorrow morning and I'll see if your address is in that place. It's not that far from him, either.	labels:Anyway.
text:Anyway, why don't I go to that place tomorrow? And if I have a client, he's going to run the backstage, I'm going to go check with him, and I'm going to come over to your store.	labels:What are you looking at?
text:I'm going to Hefu Jinshan. What do you think? You're on the road, aren't you?	labels:To Jiang Guo Road.
text:Your license doesn't exist.	labels:No business license?
text:You don't have a license for this. You're not going to do it yourself? No.	labels:Because we just got here and we haven't done it yet.
text:You want me to make one of these, don't you?	labels:It is not yet planned to do so, and it is subject to a licence.
text:Because of this stuff, why do you want to have your own business license with your family?I don't think so.He was also a very small owner of Tsui's name at the beginning, and he was also a little shopkeeper at the beginning, and then he said we'd do it later, and now he's making a building material, a building material, and he used to build a bamboo station.I don't think so.It used to be a personal name, and now it's a new company called Wuhan City Construction Materials Ltd., a legal person, who feels a lot better when he feels that I'm making myself a Wuhan City Building Materials Ltd. because I'm a customer who looks at your building online, then looks at a scaffolding, and if it's your client who looks online, you don't have a website that doesn't even have that company, and then you're less likely to be chosen, don't you?I don't think so.You don't even have a license, you don't have a license, you don't have a license, you don't have a license, can you? Look, if you can, I'll come to you in the morning to talk to you about this.	labels:I'll call you tonight. If I can, I'll call you back, okay?
text:Because yesterday you said you'd go back and talk to your husband about this, you know? It's me too.	labels:I think you're high on this one, too, you.
text:The price of this thing is good, because if you think it's a normal platform, like 360 or 58 or this one, it's probably worth more than $4,000 and $4,500, right?I don't think so.But if you're thinking about the whole platform, a hundred degrees, three hundred and fifty-eight, or some of the platforms must be a little more visible, why do we have a much higher price?I don't think so.Because we want you to be more effective, because 6,000 dollars in pre-refunds can be spent on a quarterly or semi-annual roll-out budget for you, for example, if you did 58 years in the same city, and it's not clearly known. Because it would involve a lot of clients, the little boss would look online, and he would send a free message that there might be no real amount of overdue wine, and he wouldn't find you with that big project. He wouldn't go to 58 with the city, would he? You see what you're saying? What do you think?	labels:It's good to have 58 in the same city anyway. I'll finish the procedure.
text:He was with you the last time. I remember when he used to call you, and he told you this, and he's at a price similar to $6,000, right?	labels:Prices are higher than yours.
text:It's cheaper, isn't it? How many models do they have?I don't think so.A few of my friends, a few of my clients, and a few of my friends, are working in the same city, and he's got more than 3,000 to open an account with the city's network.	labels:Do you have a discount?
text:We can apply for something for you, and then, for example, you have your own software on the Internet, and we can ask for 400 calls for you online.	labels:I know, I mean, you guys have no discount on this price.
text:If the price is $7,000,7,200, we'll talk to you later tomorrow morning and I'll talk to you about it tomorrow morning.	labels:Okay.
text:I'll come by tomorrow morning, okay?	labels:All right.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, boss.	labels:I've been in touch with you for a 100-degree promotional trip, you remember.
text:Right.	labels:Well, you're still in the ventilation business.I don't think so.Still doing it? Did you think about it now?
text:Many of our colleagues have spoken to this section before us and are still considering it.	labels:I'm still wondering if you have time for tomorrow. I'll talk to you about the promotion.
text:It's a little busy tomorrow.	labels:Well, we've got some promotion models and some products on our side, don't you see?
text:It's all clear. It's probably all clear.	labels:We have a colleague who introduced you. Yeah, we've got another one right now, in addition to the search and promotion. You know what?
text:The information stream doesn't know.	labels:That's the 100-degree ad on your phone, the historical records you've searched before, and then it's back there, then when you're watching the news, and then it's automatic, because we're in seventh place, but it's now in fifth place because it's improved, so sometimes you're in fifth place, and fifth and seventh are in second place, and then go back and forth and back and back.I don't think so.We're now in an ad slot.
text:What's the charge?	labels:If you simply advertise the information stream, you can open the account at 5400. Yes, you can do it on your side if you want to be an officially accredited website, which is your own website.
text:I'm planning to do a website.	labels:You can do this, you can open us a preferential package, which is 10,400, and then, if you want to, we can apply, and then we can send you two websites on a computer, one on a mobile phone, free of charge, and I can apply to the supervisor.I don't think so.That's the kind of template station we have here, because we don't accept the custom station now, and it's a long time, maybe two months.
text:What are your colleagues doing with the template?	labels:I just saw you make ventilation, and you have Reggie's mechanical and electrical equipment, which is also for ventilation, and he opened this platform for stream advertising, and it worked with us on March 9th, 18th, March 9th.I don't think so.March, right? Yeah, and then there's VR Centauri Mechanical Limited, and this one worked together in October of 16 years, and he's in charge of Mr. Tang Ho, you know?
text:They all know each other.	labels:You come along and sometimes you see anything in an association, don't you?I don't think so.Sometimes there's an exchange. Yeah, and he's been doing it for 16 years, and he's doing it for 18 years, and it's been over two years, and he's working with us to tell us that it's still working very well. Think about it.
text:I'm free in the afternoon.	labels:You've been there all afternoon? You've been there all afternoon?
text:Both.	labels:Okay, I'll give you a message later, and you can send me the location, okay?
text:It's a cell phone, isn't it?	labels:I'm 100 degrees out of control, and you'll pass it later. Then you send the position, and I'll call you tomorrow afternoon to make sure? In case there's an emergency, we can say it later. Okay, I'll leave you alone. Okay? Bye-bye, it's a good year.	episode_done:True
text:Mr. Wang? Mr. Wang, I'd like to ask you what you're doing here. It's like a lightbox ad. It's an outdoor ad. This is Mr. Wang, my name is Doo. I'm from Pedo.	labels:What are you saying?
text:Did you put your ad sales department on the giraffe net before? Go on.	labels:Right.
text:So you put it on the Internet platform, so how did it work for you?	labels:Not now.
text:No, basically nobody called you, right? We're on the 100-Do side of us, boss Wang.I don't think so.Yeah, you know, you're also a smart platform, and you're calling today because you know the truth, and it's the end of the year, so you can forget to do the ad.I don't think so.All of them need to be fixed, yes, and the people on the 100-degree side who search like you are very tall, and, well, a lot of them take the initiative of looking for this service, but we need the service provider on the 100-degree side, for example, because the client says, for example, what else do I recommend for advertising, and I have the key words for how much to do at one time.	labels:How much do we usually charge, for example, if we're 100 degrees for Hubei's clients?
text:Yeah, well, the boss's opening up to us at the moment, mostly for the boss like Wuhan. Right, so you want to be the whole lake north piece?	labels:Yes.
text:Well, that's a good idea, but it's $5,000 for the first time, plus $1,200 for a year's service.I don't think so.You'll get a pair of professional services, occasional orientation training, and $5,000 for advertising, just like our usual cell phones. For example, on his side, I'm driving right now.	labels:You.
text:It's 10:30. You'll see when I can call. Wait a minute. Okay, I'll call you at 11:00.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is this Mr. Choi of Wuhanford Home Economics?	labels:What are you 100 degrees for?
text:I'm 100 Xiaogang. If you're in touch, we're doing a survey to find out what you know about the hundreds of places we've been promoting.	labels:If you hadn't done 100-degree promotions, you'd be a little high, nothing else. I hear there is, but it's a little high, and we can't do it.
text:So you've done our 100-degree promotion before, right?	labels:No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
text:Your friend did this, didn't he?	labels:Yeah, I think I said you're a little more expensive than you are.
text:Prices are higher.	labels:It's not our problem, is it?
text:You're thinking about the price, aren't you? Well, you're thinking about the price, and we're thinking about the effect. How's your friend doing?I don't think so.The effect is also good. If it works, it's because we're helping you spend less money on our side and get more customers. In fact, you don't know what the price is.	labels:Tens of thousands of dollars a year.
text:That's not so much, because the current cost of opening an account is $6,200, followed by a pre-arranged extension fee of $5,0005,000 and an annual service fee of $1,200.I don't think so.In addition, it is charged as a result, for example, if we are looking for a domestic company, then we will.	labels:It'll be there.
text:Yeah, it's based on the number of hits, for example, if we get your company.	labels:I'm done with $5,000 a month and a half. A week doesn't work.
text:This may not be the case, but if you end by half a month, your client is more concerned about you.	labels:That's not necessarily the case, I'm afraid only 20% of the clients.
text:Because normally, for example, you go shopping for flowers? You must be searching for flowers and not looking for anything else, as we do looking for domestic help, if there is no need to do so.	labels:Some of his clients, one of his clients, might want a dozen to compare, right? Something's hard to say.
text:There's a lot of thinking about that, and there's some clients he might be like you.	labels:It's a 100-degree snapshot, isn't it?
text:Yeah, there's this too.	labels:It's a 100-degree company? It's not a 100-degree company.
text:It's 100 degrees.	labels:Where do you work?
text:We're at the Purchasing Science Park, this way in the suburbs.	labels:Oh, I know. Uh, yeah.
text:There's a 100-degree building.	labels:The phoenix garden is in the water.
text:You seem to know a lot about us.	labels:You did 100 degrees. Didn't you do 100 degrees? Yes, 100 degrees.
text:I am not particularly aware of what is going on here, because we are now primarily responsible for promoting this block.	labels:100-degree promotion of the 100-degree snapshot you just said.
text:This is also a business extension for our company.	labels:That's what I was doing, isn't it?
text:So the 100-degree extension just told you to pay for the effects. No charge if you don't click.	labels:Why don't you just send one?
text:You.	labels:Can I get a call?I don't think so.You're a 100-degree promoter, so just write it down, and then your name changes.
text:I am.	labels:This may be considered after that time.
text:Think about it later.	labels:Some people might think about it later, because we used to do it in 58th of the same city.
text:You were.	labels:In the East Sea, Wuhan City, he was not allowed to do the same since the month of January.
text:You don't feel so good about it, do you?I don't think so.It's done on 58th of the same city.	labels:It's still working, but it's not ideal.
text:Didn't meet your expectations right.I don't think so.If you're here, let's see if you want to know more about us.	labels:You're not going to do it right now? Maybe he'll want to do something later, because you're changing a lot, right?
text:It's understandable here that if you need to know about this, we can send our customer manager to you.	labels:Talk to the company. People came to talk about it last year.
text:Was that before?	labels:Why don't you text me?
text:Okay, no problem. I'll text you later, if after you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Is this the only one in the room, Mr. Wang?	labels:Yes.
text:Mr. Wang, if you'll excuse me, I'm from Wuhan Baidu. My name is Bear.I don't think so.So I'd like to consult you to see if you're thinking about promoting this piece.	labels:Some of you are working with us.
text:Someone's working with you. Have you signed with Pedo now? No.	labels:You have a colleague on the phone, right?
text:Do you have anything to think about at this stage?	labels:The signal's bad. Say it again.
text:If I say you're here to promote this piece, have you put it on the agenda?	labels:Like what we're looking for now? We're looking for partners.
text:Okay, you can contact us if you need anything, okay?	labels:How much?
text:Are you asking the price right now? We're talking about $2,400 for services, and then we're adding a pre-paid fee.	labels:The renovation fee? Didn't you tell us more than 10,000 at the same time?
text:More than 10,000, right? More than 10,000 plus a pre-arranged fee, not to say that the $2,400 I said was a service fee, the most basic one.	labels:One is how much our family spends on the 58s together.
text:You want everything together, don't you?	labels:No, I just wanted to be clear with you, but I don't care about the many platforms that our company is investing in right now.I don't think so.As far as I'm concerned, I'm going to make an ad in this 53,000, then I'm going to make a renovation, and then I'm going to have to spend a lot of money on it.
text:You mean the opening account on our side? It's over 10,000. Like he said, the price on our side is a uniform one.	labels:What about it? Did it work?
text:The effect is that you're looking at one of your own management, and then it's definitely possible for him to do it, especially in this piece, which is one of the best jobs we've ever done on 100 degrees.I don't think so.And then you look at some of the management of your backstage, because you're going to do the best you can, and you're going to push a little bit because you're a big business, but there's a small difference in the industry, and then he's going to learn to optimize one of your websites, and then he's going to optimize how to push your words, and then he's going to do the right thing with the inn, and then he's going to do the right thing if he's after you, and then he's going to do the right thing.	labels:Because last year you contacted me about last year and I'm calling now, and you haven't reported it.
text:I'll add one to your letter, and if you need any follow-up, you can contact me.	labels:I want to make it clear what I need to ask first, that there's no cost. How much is one?
text:Do you have a website on your side?	labels:Yeah.
text:There's no website, right? We have a 12-400-dollar package that can send you a website. Then we have a search pre-storage and a flow pre-storage, and one side of this pre-storage should have a reserve of $10,000, plus a service fee of $2,400, and we'll send you two websites and a cash-flow voucher that you can get.	labels:I'm just saying, how does it work when I'm working with you?I don't think so.Did you say that I was good, that we had a colleague who said he owns a company, that he worked together, and that if you don't get the message back, it's just like me.
text:Because if you want this effect, you're going to have to look at it in a few ways, because the first thing you're going to do is actually be a platform that we can only build between you and your client, right? It's actually a consulting effect, which means it's not possible to guarantee your burden, right? So we're going to give you a few tips, and if he's going through some exact words, it's also going to look at the formatting of your keywords, and if it's going to search your company for interest through a precise word, he's going to be a high-quality, accurate client.I don't think so.But if your word is not well set, then it is an empty term, then it is not only expensive, then its client accuracy may not be that high, so it is also a process of your later optimization.I don't think so.Yeah, well, because a lot of people don't care about you and his own backstage, and then don't care about the piece, and when he's done, he thinks he's doing the same thing, and then I don't say much about it, but it's got to be about you, and then he's got to do the best he can, right?	labels:To be honest, we're actually working together because, to be honest, it's not going to happen right now.I don't think so.For the first time, how are you working together?
text:Are we working together now? Well, are you talking about cooperation or something?	labels:I said, how do you pay for it?
text:Payback? We just told you, uh, that it's a $2,400 service fee plus a pre-release fee. Pre-release is like your cell phone bill. We're on this side as much as we're on, and we're on this side through the key word, and the key word is on a click-and-pay basis.I don't think so.And then it's different, and then it says it's different in terms of price, and then he shows us that we're free of charge, and he only charges once after clicking in for a stay.	labels:And then Ocean is the same thing that I'm asking about advertising, and I just want to make my website a little more visible.I don't think so.I said there's a couple of ads on top of you right now. Then I made my ad a little more visible.
text:It's a little bit obvious. It's true. If the client we've just been working with is actually giving him a lot of better resources, that's why we can push it forward, but you have to seize the moment, you know?I don't think so.And then there's something you're going to have to say, and you need to say, for example, if he's got a lot of people there, because there's a lot of people doing that, and if you're going to say it's worth a little bit more in relation to it, then if you're going to say that you're going to have some sort of breakdown in your industry, or maybe some kind of geographical limitation, or some kind of character-setting phrase, not only that it's cheaper, but that it's going to be a little more precise, and then you're going to show you a little more.	labels:You said I should be able to adjust if I took a little time, yes.I don't think so.How much is the investment? That means, for example, I'm gonna put in about $10,000 right now, and I'll be back in a couple of weeks.
text:I'm not sure to say this to you, because it also depends on your own day-to-day performance, for example, when you have a budget of 200 dollars a day, but then you have to look at which words you set, which ones, how to promote the module, and then one of its words is to see its price, and then you have to look at the conversion rate, and look at the data, because each industry is so different that if you say follow-up, I can add one of your letters, and if you need some data, you tell me that I'll send it directly.	labels:You too.I don't think so.Yes.
text:You're already on the schedule. That's the plan, isn't it?	labels:I didn't say I'd sign a contract with a redecorating network tomorrow, then three months, and then I thought our company was on the right track. Yeah, I'd focus on the ads.
text:Oh, that's right. Are you going to wait until they're done working together, or are you going back, or are you going to have a promotion of your own?	labels:They're not like you. They're a platform. You're still a platform.
text:You can do it in sync, right?	labels:They're not I don't know.
text:Because that's what it's like, because we're sure you're going to make a website here, and there's some of your own pre-productions here and an audit process on our side, and it's going to have a cycle.I don't think so.So if you're going to push in May or June, you're going to start working with us a month or two months in advance, we're going to start moving, and then you're going to be on the line more quickly.	labels:Including that, I'm on your side and you started it.
text:What I can't hear.	labels:The Qi family network.
text:What do you mean, "Homenet"?	labels:Qi has a network to renovate the platform.
text:I'm on my own, aren't I? Yes.	labels:How did I sign the contract with him tomorrow, and they haven't signed it yet.
text:What's your status here?	labels:I'll sign a contract with him tomorrow, and then 58 here, if it's hot, then it's fine, and now I don't have a lot of money, and you're a little over 14,500, right?
text:So you want a couple of platforms to do it together, don't you?	labels:Yes.
text:You can or you can, and I suggest that you can do it all together, because some of the companies that work with us are like a lot of companies that say I'm done trying, but he comes down with a lot of time, and then you have a few platforms that you can compare, or one that's better, and you have a scale in your own heart, and then you can put it together if you say sometimes you push it with a variety of resources, and then you can put it together, and it's pretty good for some of the companies that you're starting out with.	labels:Okay, okay. We'll use the micro-mail, okay?
text:Okay, so this is your number? Right. Okay. I'll give you a little credit for passing, and then you can send me whatever data you need, and I'll check it out for you now. Okay.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is this the manager of the 1+1 graphics ad? Hello, I'm from the 100th Visitor Department. Do we have a client manager in touch with you today? Right. We're on the Internet, we're on the 100th backstage, we're seeing a lot of customers in the print section of our company.	labels:Doesn't it look like it's been promoted?
text:Right? What channel do you use for your clients?	labels:We're real stores.
text:The real-estate shop has its own shop, right? Then it's usually the client who comes to you, right?I don't think so.It's like this, because we can see through the web a daily search like a colour stamp, and then print one of these, and there's almost 100,189, close to 200, that's a very large search.I don't think so.Have you ever thought about doing some online promotions?	labels:What do you do? Like you say.
text:Here's what we're saying: if you cooperate with our company, we can take some of your company's information, like what your company is doing, and then the name of the company, and where exactly it is, and we can put it on the front page of our 100th homepage, and you should know 100th of the time that you're looking for something, and it'll come out on the first page.I don't think so.So the front row is the first page, where we have 18 ads, which means that if you work with us, we'll put your information in front of us, so that more customers can see you, and then, through our platform, more potential clients can come to you.	labels:This is the feeling that a book doesn't require it.
text:So here's what we're going to say: we're going to have a total of 6,200, which includes a 1,200-year service fee, which is a 5,000-dollar service fee, and a 5,000-dollar reserve, which is what we're going to do. If we have a client on our web site, we're going to see that our company sees the solo, and then we're going to show it that it's not completely free, and that's not going to need the money, so only if we focus more on your company's clients, he's going to pick it up, and then we're going to learn about our company's information, and he's going to charge a certain amount.	labels:How much for a click?
text:If I look at it, it's like, we can show it on average at 50 cents or more. If we click on the price, we'll take it in almost detail. We can't see it. We can only see about $600 a month of consumption with their clients.	labels:I'm gonna need 50 cents a day, right?
text:It's pretty much the same, if that's the average, but all these hits on our website are intended customers, so he's usually only looking at your company if he wants to know about it, right?	labels:We can still find a location on the map, can't we?
text:Yes, you can have your own company now without a website.	labels:Not now.
text:That's what this is, and now we have a 12-year anniversary this month, and then there's an event, and if we do it together, there's a packaged site that only needs 1888, and normally it takes 3,000-5,000 to do it like we do.I don't think so.It's actually a very cost-effective activity now, then.	labels:We can call you when we have something to say. One question. There's a new case and we'll say it. We should do it.
text:You'll open a new shop here, won't you?	labels:That's not much for a reboot.
text:You're open about when you're open.	labels:And do the blackboard.
text:There's another month, isn't there? It's true, because I may not be able to talk to you on the phone enough to be intuitive. We'll have a client manager on our side to show you how to use this thing, and how to promote it.I don't think so.If you have time for tomorrow or the day after tomorrow, we can have the client manager talk to you about the details.	labels:I don't think we're going to do the old phone now.
text:Do I know what your new store is now registered to?	labels:Nothing, huh?
text:That means making one is equivalent to making a distribution from you guys, right? Yeah.	labels:The old film was not available, but I said that the official witness neurological business was not officially mentioned.
text:So, where's your new store going to be? We can check it out.	labels:It's probably still on the green side today.
text:What's the highest one in the green? Is the highest building on the second line? Are you sure you're okay with the field?	labels:The door's not ready yet.
text:That's a good choice, isn't it? Now, if it's over there, the rent should be pretty high.	labels:It's more expensive.
text:It's more expensive, isn't it? We'll get there. If you say you're going to open a month, you can post the information on the Internet in advance, because then you'll do some work ahead of you, some promotions ahead of you, more people will know what we're going to do, and then you'll find your piece.	labels:There's still something you don't have on your side, and there's something you need to collect. It's not going to be ready soon.
text:What do you mean, something to design?	labels:The design we're doing here could also be our logos.
text:So you're saying you need to design something if you're going to do it online?	labels:We're looking for data ourselves, we're going to do a collection ourselves, we're going to do something new, we're going to find another name, and we're going to choose another company.
text:You haven't thought about it yet, have you?	labels:Right.
text:Oh, yeah? Or else, I'll check out your information, and I'll text you later. If you're ready, or if these names are ready, can you call us?	labels:I'll call that phone right now.I don't think so.I can do this right now. I'll call you when I get this.
text:Well, I'm like this. Because I'm afraid I won't be able to pick it up, so I'll text you, okay?I don't think so.Is this what I'm looking at here? Yes, this is also registered here at the Chamber of Commerce and Industry, and this is it? OK, I'll text you later, I'll call Hans, and if you think about promoting, you can call me directly. OK, I'll text you later.I don't think so.Okay, so here's the thing, because we're active this month, and then, if we set it in advance this month, we'll send you a mobile site like this, like an ordinary cell phone site, which we have to pay for, and at the end of this month, because it's the 12th anniversary, it's free of charge.	labels:I think we can do it any time we want.
text:I'm not particularly aware of this activity, because your company may be trying to get up for a month, and we're just saying that you can book it, not necessarily now, and then you can be on the line, and that you can get all the specific information you're going to have, and then you can get on the line, and you can take the place, which is what it looks like.	labels:No, that's why there's no need to guarantee trouble.
text:Actually, it's okay.	labels:You said call you on it.
text:I'll talk to you in a couple of days, okay?	labels:All right.
text:Okay, I'll text you later and check it out. Okay, my name's Hans, and I'll save it for you. Bye-bye.	labels:Just now you're like, we say 100 degrees and it has a 100-degree alliance, which means you.	episode_done:True
text:Mr. Dai, I'm a hundred-degree big red brick. I've called you before. Do you remember?	labels:Yes.
text:Is that why you said your website is ready or not?	labels:I'm not doing it right now.
text:Working on it? What's the Web site?	labels:I don't know, I'll ask them.
text:You did it for the Internet company, didn't you?	labels:Right.
text:If you're doing this, it's not filled.	labels:I'm not sure yet. I didn't know I'd been out for a long time and I'll be back.I don't think so.Two geniuses.
text:Will there be a first page?	labels:Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
text:It's not yet true. Because you're doing a website here. If you're doing it later, it's only because you know your company, Dragon Technology Development Ltd., or if someone else knows your company's name, he can see it, or if someone who knows the site can see it, right?I don't think so.But if a lot of people say that he has a direct demand for gold processing, he wouldn't be the name of Sunning? He'll say what's good for gold processing or Wuhan processing, wouldn't he?	labels:Right.
text:So, have you thought about what you're saying, but someone else's up there because, like you've been working for 100 years, because I've had a client who's done it before, and then it's working.I don't think so.Say, but if someone passes this, if you don't do it, it's your company's website that doesn't show up on the 100th page. I know, because I've been in touch with you for a long time, that's to say if you've done the same thing on your website.	labels:I want to see what they're doing back there, okay?I don't think so.Let me take a look at it.
text:You said you'd see what it does.	labels:See how the web pages look when they do it, and then we're going to do it again, and then we're going to talk to you.
text:Because, as far as the site is concerned, I think you're doing a record-type display site with your company's name on it, some pictures of the company's products, some engineering cases, and so on, and then you're in contact with some technical display sites, and that's what's simpler in the atmosphere, isn't it?I don't think so.You know, it's a quick website, and you should do it on Monday.I don't think so.Just say because you have a website, you're going to do publicity later, right? You're going to have to expand some new clients, right?I don't think so.If we're going to do this later, we're going to have to do this extension account for half a month, and we're going to have to meet and talk about it later.	labels:I'll call you like this. I'll see what I can do next, and I'll call you, okay?I don't think so.I'm sure I'm doing it here, because now I'm building a new factory, and I'm already in the process of installing it, aren't I?
text:The equipment's being installed, right? When can it be installed again?	labels:The production estimate is about 12 next month, and I'm just saying it's about 12 and he has to deliver it, right? About 12 next month.
text:What's next month's 12th?	labels:That's what I'm going to do. I'm going to do it officially.
text:So you're in charge of the Internet?	labels:I am fully responsible.
text:The whole class is in charge. Are you the boss or are you the boss?	labels:I'm the boss.
text:Are you the boss? Are you using the name Wuhan Fonglong Technology Development Co. Ltd. or what name?	labels:That name?
text:Do you have any other partners on your side?	labels:Yeah, there is. One is.
text:What's your name?	labels:Shaw.
text:Are you going to talk to General Shaw later, or are you going to say yes?	labels:This way with him.
text:So, because I think you're going to say that you're thinking about it, I think we can do a little bit of an in-depth pre-opportunity, so we can talk about it in-depth, and see if you can find out about it tomorrow afternoon or tomorrow morning.	labels:I'm not at the office today. I'm out here for the rest of the time, okay?I don't think so.I'm basically here. I'm leaving in two hours. I'm leaving in two hours.
text:Are you at the office tomorrow morning?	labels:I'm not sure right now.
text:It's not possible today to determine tomorrow morning's schedule.	labels:I'm not sure.
text:Tomorrow morning or so.	labels:There seems to be time tomorrow afternoon.
text:There's plenty of time tomorrow afternoon, isn't there?	labels:There should be time tomorrow afternoon.
text:We'll meet you at your company tomorrow afternoon, and we'll talk about the 100-degree extension, and I'll get you a customer manager who's very professional in your business.	labels:No, it's one of my own. I have a shop on my own. It's a shop on my own.
text:You're tomorrow.	labels:The site of the plant is in the 13th Cave, on New Town 13th Road.
text:Where are we going to build tomorrow?	labels:In the new city? In the factory.
text:What's the exact location of the factory?	labels:The exact location is the 13th New Town. 13th Road.
text:13th. Right.	labels:Yeah.
text:It's Wu Jiayama. Is the new one new and the new one new?	labels:Right.
text:The city's New City 13th. For specific locations? 13th, then what's 13th.	labels:It's just above 13th.I don't think so.You can call me when you get to the 13th.
text:I'm going to take a ride over there and what kind of car I'm going to take.	labels:You're sitting at the party.
text:Do light track down to where to stop.	labels:You know the iron, don't you?
text:What are you standing on?	labels:On Wuhan Avenue.
text:Five loops.	labels:Go to the five lanes, then take a 85 and go straight to the door of my factory.
text:Eighty-five, huh?	labels:To h85h85a
text:H7h85, huh?	labels:Right down to my desert under the path of the rich, to my desert.
text:It's still called Fomi Road.	labels:Rich people.
text:Which one's rich?	labels:Rich, rich.
text:The rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich, the rich.	labels:Come down and move on, 10 meters away, that's me. Oh, 10 meters ahead.
text:Yes, tomorrow afternoon you'll see if it's 1:00 or 2:00.	labels:I'm not eating yet. I can't go.
text:Or I'll go back down tomorrow.	labels:I'm tomorrow afternoon anyway.
text:I'm sure it'll be the same in the factory tomorrow afternoon, because what time does it usually end in the afternoon?	labels:We're at work on a one-by-one basis.
text:It's 2:00 at work in 1:00. I'll see you at the factory at 2:00.I don't think so.There's nothing you can do about our costs, because if you're working on a website on your side, the cost of opening an account on our side is 1,200 years of service, then a minimum deposit of $5,000 and a 500-dollar mobile website, which is the minimum of 6700 accounts.	labels:6700 so expensive.
text:Because, in this case, 1,200 is our customer service to you for the maintenance of the account at a later stage, which is a year's fee, and 5,000 pre-deposit, which we have in your account for the effects of your promotion, and later on, we charge for it according to the number of valid visits, which are shown free of charge.I don't think so.When people search 100 degrees directly for gold processing, they say that your website is presented free of charge on the 100-degree front page, but only if he wants to be more specific and click into your website for browsing, and at this point we deduct the fee from 5,000, as is the case.	labels:It's called New Jade 5000, isn't it? Yeah.
text:A minimum of 55,000, okay. We'll meet you later tomorrow at 2 p.m., and we'll talk about it. OK, I'll see you tomorrow afternoon.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:It's Manager Liu, isn't it?
text:Where? My name is Zhou Yu. It's 100 degrees. Where is it? 100 degrees.	labels:That's what you said. I'm looking at your company's Duvan Glass Processing. Have you done anything on your company's website?
text:The website has done it.	labels:Did you do it on 100 degrees?
text:It's not there.	labels:Does that mean your company's website has clients visiting you a lot?
text:My website doesn't seem to do much on 58 anyway, right.	labels:It's not a website, it's just a post on it.
text:But he made me a website backstage.	labels:He's not a website that belongs to his own independent space and domain name. If a client searches Wuhan's glass processing shop in 100 degrees, he can find you. If he does it on 100 degrees, for example, I'll give you the simplest example. If you say a glass-backed wall, you can find you.I don't think so.You know, after your party's first year, you can actually think about making a site that belongs to your own independent space domain, and then having a client search, for example, you can find it when a bulletproof glass is steeled, and then you can do a hundred-degree extension on our side.
text:But they say, for example, that I'm on 100 degrees, that I can find it if I open it and lose.	labels:If you enter it on 100 degrees, you can only be found when you search the Duvan glass processing shop in Hanyang District, Wuhan City.I don't think so.If you're a customer who doesn't know the name of your client, he can't search you. If there's a customer who really needs him, he's just saying that one glass company in Wuhan, or one organic glass company in Wuhan does well, he'll find you the first time, because he's an unknown client and he's looking for you, and your company means your company's name. It says, for example, that I'm looking for the simplest example. When I search your company's name, four companies in front of you are in front of you, and you're in front of you, and you're in fifth six, and when you appear in fifth and sixth, you only appear on the People's Net and 58, and not on a single website of your own space and maize, and text messages can only be found on a service site like the People's Web 58.
text:Right.	labels:That is the case.I don't think so.So if your side wants your company's own, because your brand is unique to your company, it's not the same as any other network as any other glass, is it a dealer or is it self-produced?
text:We also belong to the distributor's own processing and re-production.	labels:If you have your own independent brand glass, it's more popular with your customers when you put it on the Internet, because many people say that you are a supplier, that is, a sales party, and you have a client to consult. If you are a producer, then he will find you.
text:Well, I've got all the sales, yeah.	labels:Because you have a balance between production and sales, both sides of the equation, you'll have more access and your client base. So you're not just 58, because if you show it on 58, I don't rule it out. But if we do it, you can do it on 58, right?I don't think so.Because that's the case, because we have over 500 network companies working together, which means you didn't show 58 messages when you searched the glass company on 100 degrees, and there's nothing to show you without a small window, but we're 100% on other web pages, like the one with a pop-up in 5858, and you can show your ads, pop a small window, take the simplest example of that. When I searched the Duvan glass bottle, there was something on the right side of 58, 123456789, all of which are 100-degree slots.I don't think so.So if you show up on 100 degrees, you can show it on 58, you know?I don't think so.You're willing to be grateful that it can be shown in the population.I don't think so.At the same time, I think I saw if your glass was made of collage glass. Do you hear the glass?
text:You heard the glass. I haven't heard anything about the glass. I don't know what you're talking about.	labels:String.
text:Ooo pd troops? You can sit down and do it, right?	labels:Before you do the glasswork, I have a client who does the glass work, like the one you put the glass in Wuhan. If you put the photos of your company on one of your web pages, put them on your web page, and form a case of your product, put them on your web page, make them clearer and make them clear to the client.
text:For example, if you're going to put it together, you're going to show up with the whole company, aren't you?	labels:The simplest comparison is that Wuhan's glassworks are very rare. Many of Wuhan's glass workers have opened their accounts with me. If there are customers searching Wuhan's glass online, then Wuhan's glass collection is a direct display of your company, the Duvan glass processing shop in Hanyang District, Wuhan City.I don't think so.You know, I took the simplest example that when I searched the house processing shop, the first one appeared was a company of my clients, who was made of profit glass, who was a doctor's glass, whose advertisement was a quality slogan, a Wuhan glass first choice of profit glass, and then the profit glass, which was similar to what you made, which was super white glass, steel glass, which was super-clean, super-U.S. glass, and laminated glass, because all of his products were made like yours, but what was it like?I don't think so.He placed his product on his website, showing it in the form of a product centre, and your product is 100 degrees above it and the rest of it cannot be searched, and it was only when it was opened on 58 that I realized that you were making this organic feature of the glass.I don't think so.So your client means your client has limitations, because your main firm is a producer and a seller, both of which can combine, and you have a lot of channels, and if you can show them on 100, I will bring you more customers.I don't think so.It's not just distribution, it's the manufacturers who can find you, because I see that your company has not started making a web site. If I say I'm making a web site for you, I can take a simple example of all your company's products, a picture of the glass-coated products, and I put them all on this site, and I put them on your web page, and the case on your website allows clients to look at your web site, and I know what you're doing and what you're doing, so I'll contact you as soon as I can, wouldn't it be better?I don't think so.This will bring you more intended clients, won't it?
text:He's not that convenient to open up what he's doing through me introducing him.	labels:Yeah, but I'm telling you about 100 degrees, and I'm not saying how good we are about 100 degrees.
text:What's the main thing?	labels:Because he's the only one you're looking for on 58, which means I'm looking for all the building materials before I can find you manager Liu. You're a glass background wall. I'll open it again.I don't think so.You can't open it until after your ad. You know the case of your product. But if you show it on 100 degrees, let me tell you that we have three models: the first one is a keyword search, and the first one is a keyword search, which means that I can find you when I search the Wuhan glass processing plant. Your seller and your manufacturer can find you. That's the first way.I don't think so.And what's the second way? We're a 100-degree league, because it means that we're 100 percent in partnership with all the other Internet companies, so long as you've had a previous customer who wanted to be on the site, for example, when he was on the website, when he was searching for stainless steel or stainless steel glass on 58, and so on, when he closed his website today, the next day he opened his website, and when he was on the other pages, for example, on the catch, when you were searching on Marco Polo's industry website, the same information on your website was in the form of an advertisement that could be displayed on their website, a picture form was shown on their website, and I didn't actually advertise for you for free on other websites, because why I said it was free of charge, because when you're doing it now on 58, the spot next to you is also our company.
text:Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.I don't think so.Up there?	labels:For all of your 1234567899 ads on top of 58 glass, what's next to the aluminum alloy glass family union, and the car beauty course, the v and the 100-degree extension are all 100-degree jobs, so I say that I can get you on 58, and all your platforms can be displayed again, you know? That's our 100-degree second form, the 100-degree union.I don't think so.The third is a cellular search, because our company will now also make a mobile site for you, which, if you do, will not only connect to your computer site, but also our mobile phone users will be able to search for you.
text:You also set it up on the micromail.	labels:It's also convenient, because you think you're doing this, and you're going to have to do it yourself, because after you have your own website, because you think you're different from other companies, because you have your own business, and you have your own company, so I'll make you a website, the domain of which is called the Three-W Anti-Dovan Glass.com, and I'll make you a website alone.I don't think so.What you're showing on 58 is a big line behind wh:58.com. Counting letters and numbers, uh, but not your company website, we're going to do a website for you. What's this website doing?I don't think so.Three wts of the name of the independent space domain, the Duvan Glass Processing Shop in Hanyang District.com, is one of these forms, because I was relatively familiar with your product because I had a client who did it, and he did it, and he did it, and he did it, and he did it, and he had superwhite glass, and they asked me to tell you that a company called Kim Sung, whose company was also in the Decay Zone, and then they hired an advertising company to put their glass together and all his glass in the form of a book by the advertising company, and after each picture was done with ps, the advertising company made it up with him and put it in our 100-degrees, and we did it on our 100-degree website, that is, when the client was searching his web site, the images were visible on their web page.
text:Like that, right.	labels:So, like your company, you can also put your product on your web page so that your client can visit your product as soon as possible.
text:But I'm usually, uh, I'm just, uh, I'm taking pictures of myself in kind or something, and I'm putting them on.	labels:Do you have five photos of you putting them on top of 58?
text:There are only eight maps with a maximum of eight photos.	labels:No, I look at it together. Eight photos, yes. You've only got eight photos on it. I'll put them on it. I'll tell you how many photos of your own product can be placed if I say I'll make you a website alone.
text:What did you say about this year's expenses?I don't think so.We are.	labels:This year's fee means that you know a little something about us before 100 degrees. We do, and we do, and I'll tell you what we're doing right now, which means that we've increased the cost of the promotion by 1,000 dollars, but you can rest assured that, although we've increased the cost of the promotion by 1,000 dollars, it's for the sake of your late performance, and our website costs are on a preferential basis this month, so we're talking about a reduction in the price.I don't think so.It's just that we need $1,300 for the website, just two websites, one PC-end for a mobile phone, and only $1,300 for the website, and the original price is $2088, because this is a monthly discount, because many customers like you were thinking about it at the beginning of the year, so we're making a first adjustment to the price to take account of one of the customer's interests.
text:Well, that's your promotion fee.	labels:Our promotion costs, which we pay for 6,000 dollars a year for pre-arranged $1,200 dollars, which together is $7,200, and then I'm sure we're going to promote your website, so we're saying we're going to have 2088, but if we get a discount this month, we're going to need $1,300, and we're going to give you a little price for the website.I don't think so.Because that's the price of our network.
text:Now you're a 7200 home site extension, home site production fee, right? Yeah.	labels:The cost of the website is only $1,300 discounted.
text:That's 7200, right? That's 8,500 now, isn't it?	labels:Together, it's $8,500, and there's $6,000 in it for your account.
text:I know, but it's not as high as it was before, it's old as it is.	labels:I told you earlier that I had been in touch with you before, that in November we had a price of $5,000 in reserve and $6,200 in service, but because we're all doing it this year, and the price is rising, you think it's going up, and you see that there's $3.50 in a bowl of hot noodles last year, and now there's $4 in a bowl of hot noodles, don't you think?
text:That's New Year's.	labels:Now that we're eating a bowl of hot dry noodles is $4, isn't it? I think you don't really care about the price, you don't care about the effect.I don't think so.If the effect is good, because you're making organic glass, and your client searches you for a phone call, it's not just this $1,000 price, is it? Because you're still in your account, and I didn't give you this $1,000 to spend anything else.
text:Do you know if it's in there? The cost is still high.	labels:The total cost of our website is 2088, combined with 8288.
text:I didn't get that high when I went, me.	labels:Let me tell you about our original price, which was $5,000, and the amount of services we had set aside for 1,200 years? $1,200? But our website cost is $2088, because why? Now we have a little more price for our website, and we have a little more price for your extension, because we have an Internet trend, an Internet trend, and we'll give you a little less price for your website later, but we're going to promote it because it's a big one, and now the company's business and the Internet as a whole, that's what every company is going to think about his advertising interests, isn't it?I don't think so.In fact, I suggest that our client manager bring you this price and the deal, as well as your colleagues. Because this doctor's technology is what I'm working with. Do you know how long the doctor has been doing?
text:One glass, huh?	labels:One glass was created in '06 by the company in '06. It was almost there, and then 14 years worked with us 100 times, on our 100-degree website, and now the site is in the process of being maintained, and now he's in front of you while I'm searching for Duvan's glass, so why is he in 2016, and he's been working with us for almost two years in 11 years and 14 years, and why?I don't think so.That means it's still working. If it's not working, it's not going to go on with us 100%, it's going on for two years, and it's not even a 14-year-old website. You think 14-year-old sites are different from 16-year-old sites, or relative old ones, but he's doing so well. Do you think it would be better if I were to make you an up-to-date version of a website that we're looking at in our young aesthetics?
text:Maybe?	labels:So if I suggest that you come in later, and you promote one of your company's products on 58, then I suggest that you do it later, because if you do one website, you're going to make a business card on the Internet, and if you do one website, and you don't have one website, it's not going to be distributed, it's not going to make sense. We're going to help you put your secret information on your product and a case on your product on the Internet. Your client is going to tell you that you're going to have two types, not a single model, you're going to have two models, you're going to have two models, you're going to have two models, you're going to have to go for a different new client, and if you're going to do an ad there at some point in time, for example, in August, you're going to have a season, you're going to have a season, you're going to be able to do it at any time, and you're going to have it temporarily, and then you can have it temporarily.
text:Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.	labels:I'm sure you have a lot of contact with you from our 100th colleague, and you should be very aware of that.
text:Ain't that right.	labels:Do you have time for this afternoon? I'd like to bring you this information in detail, because I've just searched in the back of my account, like you did in the industry, and I can bring you some specific details. This means that you'll be ready for the rest of your life when you know what you're doing and you're ready for it.
text:You know, you don't have to come, I'm thinking about it, because I've heard it all before, and I'm sure there's a way to push it. Then I'm going to see how it works. It works better. Yeah, I've done it, so I don't have to rush it, because a lot of people call me, and I know that because I've put 58 on it, so I've been postponing them, and I'm not going to let them come, so why don't I talk to my husband about it? I'm going to go over and see what's going on this year, and I know it.I don't think so.It's like this for Manager Lee.	labels:I know you've talked to your husband again, and we've had a lot of colleagues who have been with you before, and I'll tell you what I'm doing, and I'm not asking you to set this matter straight after I've been there, because you're just as good as three, and you're as good as three, and I'll give you more details, so you'll have to tell your husband about it.
text:Isn't that right?	labels:So this time I'm going to ask my client manager to bring you this information in detail, so that you can get some specific data, especially if you're going to work with us later on, how to set the keywords, how to go backstage and make it work better to get ready.
text:Right.	labels:I didn't think about it, but I said I'd cooperate once, because after all, I'm number one. I said I was in touch with you last year, but I'm calling you for the first time this year.I don't think so.You thought it would be better for you to consult with your husband after I took the data with you.I don't think so.If I'm telling you the truth right now, I'll tell you half of what you must understand and half of what I'm saying is not enough. If I bring it to you, maybe 80 percent of what you're saying, then it's not too late to talk to your husband, is it?
text:This afternoon, isn't it?	labels:Do you have a minute at 3 p.m.?
text:At 3 p.m., I have to go out in the afternoon, not in the afternoon, 2 p.m.	labels:Because I'm going to tell you now that it's 10 and then I'm going to take you in the afternoon or noon, and I'm going to give you half an hour or an hour, so you can talk to your husband about it.I don't think so.It's all possible.
text:Because I'm afraid it won't be too much for you.	labels:We don't know that we're specific to your clients.I don't think so.Don't worry, you won't tell us if we're forced to sign the papers. We'll have a good time working with you later, will you?
text:I'll talk to my husband later.	labels:It's not that we'll let you know, but we'll talk to your husband about it.
text:You.	labels:Do you have a minute at 3 p.m.?
text:That's 3 p.m. You should come, right? Good.	labels:I'm going to make sure your company's at the Mursan Corporation in Hanyang District.
text:You know what?	labels:I know, okay, so I'll be here at 3 p.m. in a hurry, meet up, and our client manager will bring you some information, and then you can decide when you know it.
text:All right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right.	labels:I'll text you later, and I'll talk to you at 1300 hours at the Mursan Group in Hanyang District, Wuhan City.
text:Let's get together, shall we?	labels:We'll call you later this afternoon before our client manager gets there.
text:Well, he'll say I'm 100 degrees who, and then he'll be right there. Yes.	labels:We met at 3 p.m.
text:Thank you very much. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is this the king's manager of Hubei's new material development company? How are you? How are you, Mr. Wang? I'm at the back of the 100-degree center, and we're mainly running steel and screw steel and pipe steel? Right, because I saw on the back of the 100-degree platform that the search for this piece of steel, like this one, is more than 70080, very high, which means the Internet market is also very good. So I asked you if you're responsible for the marketing and Internet promotion of this piece of steel.	labels:What's the promotion? Yeah, click the ranking.
text:What do you say we do with 100 degrees? Did any of our colleagues call you earlier, Wang Manager? No. Let me tell you a simple way of extending the network that we charge for our products on the basis of a real number of hits, which means that you set up a key word for our company's products, and when the client makes a 100% submission like us, when the key words are checked into your website, and when you visit your website, the client will contact you if he sees that your products are suitable for your products.I don't think so.That's what we're doing for you.I don't think so.Mr. Wang, I'm telling you this, do you understand? How do I charge you?I don't think so.The fee is divided into several parts, and the first one is a professional service fee. This is a one-on-one customer service officer who gives you a maintenance, $1,200 for the backstage, and the second one is an extension fee, which is paid on the basis of an actual number of hits, that is, once a client is interested in our product, he enters and visits our website, and then deducts it from the pre-release fee, and so on.I don't think so.Mr. Wang, can you understand what I'm saying to you?	labels:What do you think $1,200 is for?
text:1,200 is the cost of services, which means we have a one-to-one customer service officer to help you maintain your backstage.	labels:Backstage maintenance or something.
text:So you're going to have to optimise on this side, or you're going to have to make some adjustments, including advice to you when you set the keywords, which is a matter of our customer service. Am I asking Mr. Wang, do we have our own website? Have we already built one? Do you have a website like yours? Have you thought about putting our company's website on 100 degrees for publicity and promotion?	labels:One push on a hundred. One push on a hundred.
text:I've just told you that you can submit your company's or your company's product-set keyword in 100 degrees. Yes, and when you have a client who needs the product, he will search for the key word and see your company, because once your company works with us 100 degrees, we will place your company directly on the 18 advertising slots on the front page of our 100 degrees.I don't think so.If it sees our company, then clicks on our website and visits it, and it's interested in our company's products, and if it feels right, he's going to call you, which means we're going to bring you in.	labels:It could be a first-use and then a charge, no.
text:What can we do first?	labels:Are you going to try it out first?
text:A trial, right? If you feel good on your side, if you want to know, we can arrange for a customer manager on your side, one of the ways in which we're going to operate the backstage, and the effects of your peers, to give you an on-the-spot demonstration.	labels:Yes, you could have contacted me.
text:Well, if you'll excuse us for today's afternoon, we'll arrange for our staff to come and show you.	labels:Let's see if you're 100 degrees. You're an outsourcing company, right?
text:I'm here at the 100-degree 100-degree extension service centre.	labels:Is it from the 100-degree extension service?I don't think so.What kind of company are you?
text:What other company do you think we are?	labels:We're not a lot of outsourcers.
text:We're not outsourcers, we're 100 centimeters.	labels:What do you mean, Pepsi?
text:Have you passed the Peking Group? We're Hubei, we're Hubei's general agent, and we're Hoibei's general agent. Our company's on Hong Kong Dragon Island. Do you know this on Long Long Island Science Park? So let's see what time it will be this afternoon for you? I'll arrange for our client manager to come over and give you some details.I don't think so.Including your business, as I just told you, the other clients have done a good job. I'm right. I'll show you, like you're making steel plates, right?	labels:Steel steel, huh?
text:Let me take a look at it. I'm the one who's been looking for steel. There's 2213 very high in the last month.I don't think so.Do you know that he's been working with us for 12 years, and he's been working with us 11 times, which means it's very good, right? And it's like Tae-hing from Hong Kong. Do you know Mr. Zhu from Hong Kong? He's been working with us for 13 years, you know? No.	labels:That's what I'm saying. You're saying you're looking for this company in 100 degrees, aren't you?
text:Then the words.	labels:You said you had a great one, didn't you?
text:Well, what did you say? What was that?	labels:I'm from Kim-seo.
text:Yes, I'm sure. Did you just say the name of your company?	labels:No, I can find the first family as soon as I search the page in 100 degrees.
text:Yeah, he's working with Pedo. You can see that, right?	labels:If I'm going to give you an exercise, what's the number one?
text:The first one is a quality of our company's website and one of your prices.	labels:It's the number one who gets the money, that's the number one.
text:This is not necessarily the case. This is not necessarily the first one, but the ranking is determined by the price.I don't think so.The second is determined by the quality of the site, which means that if our website were more active, it would be a little ahead.I don't think so.Of course, you can be sure of that. Just say that you're working with us 100 degrees. We're definitely putting the publicity you're doing on our 100th page. Can I tell you that you understand?	labels:Okay, you'll have someone to talk to.
text:Let's see where our company's address is. Where's our company's address?	labels:In Daeres.
text:Where's Hanguchi?I don't think so.Single pool, huh? Then where exactly?	labels:We'll find out when we get to the pool. This is where the steel market is.
text:What a steel market, Chinese soil.	labels:661 Steel Market.
text:Right? All right, then you'll probably be around 2:00 to 4:00 this afternoon.I don't think so.You have time.	labels:Why don't you call me before?
text:You've been at the company all afternoon, haven't you?	labels:It's hard to say.
text:But it should be? Because we're going to have an appointment with our client manager here in advance.I don't think so.Okay, I'll confirm with you that your company's name is Hubei's New Realty Development Company. This one's registered in business.	labels:You sure about that?
text:Okay, I'll make an appointment with our client manager at about 2:00-4:00 a.m., and then I'll call you when we get there. Okay, I'll leave you alone. I'll send you a message later. You can call me if you want. Okay, I'll leave you alone.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mr. Wang. I've just called you. Yes, can I make sure that the afternoon time is 3 p.m. or 4 p.m., you can do it at 3 p.m. or 4 p.m., whenever you want, and I have a senior customer manager on my side of the store, and I'm just saying to you that you're involved in this service.	labels:You see, your service manager found out online.
text:Do you think you can find it online?I don't think so.Our company's name is Wuhan Baijie, the Wuhan Beijing Online Technology Company, and if our client manager comes over here, he's qualified to know about it, right?I don't think so.Don't worry, he'll bring you the 100-percent authorization, prove we're with the 100-percent company, and you can find our company online. Check it out.	labels:This is a charge based on information that the client has consulted, right?
text:What?	labels:Say, what's the cost?I don't think so.For the coa who has access to the information, if he doesn't check the moon.
text:So we're equivalent to Wang's model. You're supposed to like it. We're relatively free, you know?I don't think so.If he wants to tell you that he's too interested to ask you to advertise, he's going to click on your website. You know, it's like showing the ad free to the client, and he sees that you don't charge for it.	labels:You know what?I don't think so.Fees are right.
text:If he wants to find out if your boss wants to make a bell ad, he wants to do this phone ad. After he made a successful visit to your website, it's only now that we're going to be paying $5,000, a few cents, and we're going to pay for it, right?	labels:That's what you're gonna do when you wait a year for more than 1,000 bucks, isn't it?
text:Mr. Wang seems to know something about this piece.I don't think so.Okay, at 3:24 p.m., you think.	labels:I don't know, I sometimes go out at home and there's no certainty about that.
text:Like usual, between 2 and 5 p.m., that's when you spend a little more time in the store. We used to spend about 20 minutes to half an hour, and it wouldn't take too much time.	labels:Are you on the 6th?
text:Right.	labels:High New Zone Road this hour.I don't think so.I went there for seven days and I did it.
text:We have a wide range of capabilities.I don't think so.That's right. Do you really see how you found this place?	labels:We've done a couple of things now. They're all working.
text:Yes, Mr. Wang, if you're going to work with Pedo, I'm sure you'll find out all over the place. Your business was more extensive. I'm sure you already know that.	labels:About two minutes this year.
text:You're two o'clock in the store, right?	labels:You probably don't seem that big at home.
text:Now you're either going to tell me where I was looking for you, or you're going to tell me where it is.	labels:No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
text:What's the number all the way?	labels:Today is the 11th.
text:16-11, right? Wait a minute, Mr. Wang. The client says.	labels:There's a project.
text:Over there at the bridge.	labels:Spoke to two points.
text:Because I want jue, the client's time is 2:30.	labels:Come here as soon as you can, yeah.
text:Because you know we're on the high zero team, and you know it. If we go over there, I'll have to get a customer manager on the way. Can I just call you about 2:30 between 2 and 3? Okay? If I go, I'll call you in advance. Good afternoon. Good afternoon. Good afternoon.	labels:I don't think it's clear. Right away.	episode_done:True
text:Mr. Tang?	labels:Come to the company and say it.
text:Hello, Mr. Tang. I'm Wang Shenzhen, over here. Hello. Are you busy here?	labels:A little.
text:Busy? How's your car stock doing? It's okay? I went to a gas market in Zhang Xinjiang village the other day, signed a color-modified client, then cleaned up the market, because you're in Milan, right?	labels:There's three shops on Milanhan northwest.
text:What market are you at at three points?	labels:One dragon and Hansie.
text:The other day, I went to one of the news companies, you know?I don't think so.Which company in Sector S is a new great business.	labels:One dragon is doing one dragon supply.
text:The boss in block 1001, his name is Bear, and he's doing the lights, and he's in the car recorder, and he's in the news business. We just signed you last week.	labels:What are the promotional fees now?
text:With 100 cents of the promotion fee, it's exactly what we did at the end of the month, and we'll have $6,200 for the promotion, and the site will just be online if you say you have a website.I don't think so.If you don't have a website, it's 1888, and if you add up, you'll have 8288.	labels:That's what you used to do before.
text:But think about it, because by the end of the month, we have a corresponding value-added service, because the 100-degree price is a uniform national market price, but what does the value-added service say, including trust in our 100-degree map, because you're in the car business, and I believe that the 100-degree map is quite attractive to you, right?I don't think so.Because we can put all three of your company's stores on a 100-degree map so that when a client searches your shop on a cell phone, it can locate you for the first time. So I think it's a search.	labels:It's still competitive, isn't it?
text:There are three types of search, one for competitive ranking, and the other for online promotion. That is, you should have done well by extending your advertising information to other coalition sites, such as the Automobile House or the corresponding industry.	labels:That kind of thing is click possible.
text:I don't think it's because if you don't want us to go out today, I'll talk to Zhou's family this afternoon.I don't think so.Anyway, it's easier for you to go to one of your three stores.	labels:I'm in the afternoon.
text:Is it in Central? I'm going to do it now at 2:00 p.m., and then his client's about four, five, five, five, and where are you?	labels:Why don't you finish the store?
text:Okay, I'll call you back at 2:00 p.m. if I don't want to.	labels:You're dead.
text:Okay, good-bye. Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, you're doing home decorations? Yeah. We're with Wuhan Baidu. I'd like to know that you've been thinking about expanding your business through 100 degrees in the near future.	labels:Come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on, come on.
text:After two days, will you think about it after you've passed the year?I don't think so.There's no such thing as a website.	labels:We'll talk about it after the year.
text:Do it again after the year? Does that mean that after the year you're on your side, you're going to have to do it or are you planning to do it?	labels:I told you yesterday to plan the requirements.
text:You have to do it, don't you?I don't think so.You should've known 100 degrees before, right?	labels:Yeah, you see that.
text:Are you going to go straight after work in the 8th grade, or are you going to do it?	labels:It's probably after work, and you've already remembered the 100 degrees of development.
text:If it's for nothing, what we're saying right now is that you should do it on our side, right?I don't think so.What we're saying now is that the site is being built on a roll-out basis, and there's a discount on the site, and the original $5,000 site is now only 1888.I don't think so.We have a pre-deposit deposit and an annual service fee. Our annual service fee is $1,200 a year. It will provide you with a one-to-one service and help you maintain a later effect.I don't think so.Then the deposit is a minimum of $5,000 and a minimum of $10,000, and you can choose to save it, which means you can save it on your own budget. That's it. Right.I don't think so.How about this? You're Mr. Li, right?I don't think so.Why don't you tell Mr. Lee you want to do it after you're over? You're going to have to do it after you're over? Look at what we said before, because we've got hundreds of lists lined up every day, and we don't have to get you on the line for the first time after the end of the year. You can talk to us about it first, and then you can do it directly. You can say yes or no. And we're doing some kind of preferential work at the end of the year, and it's actually more cost-effective.I don't think so.Are you in Fukang Garden?	labels:Where's my office?
text:What's the road to Kuda?	labels:Most of them come to Tianjin to establish the river.
text:You're on the second way, aren't you? The second way.	labels:Unite Carnival.
text:What furniture town?	labels:The Spring Festival Carnival.
text:Garden Caring.	labels:Solidarity.
text:It's a furniture garden, isn't it? Caring is a guest's place, isn't it?	labels:Doctor's guest's guest, the lucky Taggart will be voting right away.
text:It's a family reunion, isn't it?	labels:Caring.
text:Which part of the park?	labels:There's 14 of us.
text:Some units, 905905. 714 7 units, 7 units, right?	labels:70781 units, 905 units, 705705, huh?
text:46705, you'll see if you're free tomorrow morning or afternoon. I'll see you first. I'll talk to you later.	labels:How are you tomorrow morning? Okay.
text:Aren't you here tomorrow?	labels:There's something going on today. I'll be in Wuchang tomorrow.
text:We'll be in Wuchang all day tomorrow, won't we?	labels:Right.
text:We're in Wuchang, too. Are you here to work for Wuchang?	labels:Right.
text:Do you think you're coming to our company, or are we going to come to your place?	labels:You're gonna have to wait till tomorrow and I'm gonna have to run and deal with it tomorrow.
text:I'll be the day after tomorrow.I don't think so.The day after tomorrow you'll still be in the morning or the afternoon.	labels:This morning.
text:What time is it in the morning?	labels:There's about 10 or so.
text:Ten o'clock? Okay, my name is Ho Chinglin, and I'll send my phone number to your phone later, and I'll call you the day after tomorrow before the customer manager gets there. OK, you're busy. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, do you view the Cultural Media Corporation?	labels:Yes.
text:Hello, everyone. So my name is Jiang, and I'm called Jiang Tai Quan, so I called to see your company because I knew yesterday I saw you as a new company, right?	labels:You.
text:Do you think you're going to think about doing your own internet campaign here?	labels:Member.
text:We'll see later. Are you going to make this 100 degrees for us or what?	labels:How do you charge 100 degrees?
text:You're more concerned about the fee, aren't you?	labels:Yeah, what's the charge if we're at the top of 100 degrees, and how do you promote it?
text:In fact, if you entered the company and did nothing about it, the price would be more expensive.I don't think so.Really, because it would be better if your new company would advise you to do it later.	labels:It'll be after.
text:That means doing it for a while to increase the flow on your side, right?I don't think so.Because there's one thing you're going to choose, and it's not all yours, is it? For example, you're going to choose the art of the stage, or the image of the company, right? Or you're going to choose a word, you're going to have to choose a word, you can't put all the words to the top, so it's going to be very good, but it's also going to be on your side's budget for advertising. Right?	labels:Isn't that usually the kind of search that leads to our company?
text:The key word we're talking about is one way to lock us in, that's one way to show your network, right?I don't think so.Like the words I just said, if you do these words, you can be sure that if you work with our company to promote them, you can make sure that your network jumps directly to the 100-degree front page so that the client can choose which one, but you will be counted on the front page, and then you will have a better chance of contacting you, and so on.	labels:I can only tell you.
text:At the approximate price, you should not have your own web site.	labels:Right? You have your own website.
text:You're a company that hasn't been registered yet. You're already on the website.	labels:I'm doing it now.
text:You're doing it now? You're not online yet? Because I just got it.	labels:We're still working on it.
text:Well, I'm going to tell you now, if we have a website, what are your projections? We're going to have a 12-200-year service rate fixed. If you save $60,000 for 602,000 for a budget here, and if you say you're going to top it, I'm going to suggest that the middle position at the start of the new company is more likely to be higher, because when you do it for a while, that is, after you do the day network and then you increase your credibility in all its aspects, you're going to have a much cheaper price than you've just started. That's one thing we're going to say, that's a good thing for old customers.	labels:Understood.
text:Which one do you make here?	labels:We're talking piano. Piano.
text:That's the piece of a musical instrument, isn't it? Yeah.	labels:The piano, but it's just the way we said we could even go up and come to class.
text:If you have piano training here, you're going to have to do it on your website, because I was just wondering if one of your lines of business on your side would be able to participate in one of our now-scheduled preferential activities for the opening of short-term educational training. Are you sure it's piano and piano training?	labels:Right.
text:If you're thinking about it, because we're opening up now at a very favourable price. If you're talking about training like English painting, you're saying the piano belongs to one of them. Will you think about doing it here?	labels:Maybe how do you charge for it?
text:Like I said, pre-deposit is a 12-200-year pre-service deposit, you know that.I don't think so.As for how to button it.	labels:What do you mean, deposit?
text:Pre-deposit means that you charge the phone charges first, and then you call him and he deducts the charges. If the phone charges are not in there, he has no form of monthly rent, which is always here.	labels:What range are you? What range are you talking about?
text:What do you mean by the scope?	labels:For example, if I say 5000600 or 10,000, that's how it's defined.
text:The bottom line is only $6,000, but if you have a musical instrument here, the piano is a piece of training that can be reduced, but this one has to be discussed one way or the other, because the normal opening of our other businesses is 1,200 annual service fees, and if there is a website, there is no limit to the minimum deposit of $6,000, we have 50,000 of these real estate companies, and the kind that will make the most of the recent activity, the minimum opening is 6,000, and you need me to come over and talk to you before you can tell you what the minimum deposit is.I don't think so.As a rule, if you're here alone and don't have instruction, without training, it's 6,000 to start accessing. Do you understand what I mean? Because I can't tell you now that a lower price attracts you, and then I can't talk to you about your inappropriateness or non-compliance, right?	labels:If it's pre-arranged how the charges are deducted.
text:Say, like I just said, if someone says Wuhan piano or piano training, or what's better than Wuhan piano?I don't think so.It's about your business, isn't it? A network on your side, you're doing your own website now? You're going to jump straight to the 100-degree front page, that's all. Is that right?	labels:Fruit Lake Square.
text:This is the third floor of the square, 16th floor. Yes, you are Miss Chow. You can come over and talk to you today if you're interested, and then you can see that you have a clearer idea, and then you can make this decision.	labels:If you're about to send me an offer, something like that, I'll take a look at it on my phone.
text:That's the offer, isn't it?I don't think so.Because what I've just said about the offer is that the general outline, and what I'd like to talk to you about is to wait for some of your websites, for example, what did you do when you did it? Which piece of information is highlighted, and then one of the same information on your side, I'm sure I'll show it to you with a computer. You'll have more senses, or how others do it. What do you want to do about it?	labels:If it's someone else's search, what's the charge for our view? What's the charge?
text:This deduction is available in an account on the 100-degree backstage, so I just wanted to talk to you and show you this.I don't think so.For example, if I say a key word, you give, for example, $2.3, assuming that because I'm not at the moment fully aware of a specific price, because it is of a supporting nature, you give two three, maybe you're in the case of the third and fourth, and he jumps to the 100th page, and you go in the third or fourth place, so that someone can see you directly when they search your block.I don't think so.I just meant that maybe a little bit more talk. You'll be very clear when you show it to your face. Okay.	labels:Where are you?
text:The name of our company is Peaches, here on Long Island, but we can go over here, which means it's not convenient to look at a specific situation on your side. You're Taku World Cultural Media Ltd., right?	labels:But our piano brand will register a brand, and there will be a separate brand in Westerte.
text:It's you.	labels:The company's brand is the brand.
text:It doesn't matter, because we may be looking at your license, if it's Wuhan, because we're the 100-degree general agent in the whole of Hubei province, and we can't track it if we don't.	labels:It's in Hubei province.
text:You created this brand yourself, or you said it, or you said it was an agent.	labels:It's self-inflicted?
text:Ok, you can take a good look at this, so let's talk about it. When are you free?	labels:I'm free today.
text:I want to hear your voice today. Is that a break or something?	labels:It's kind of loud.
text:It's a little cold, right? If you look at my past, you'll have the quickest time. You'll be free all day. Or when we're almost there, or when we're ready to leave, because I'm going to have to get some information, and I'm going to talk to you again before I go.	labels:You can come tomorrow if you can't. It's fine.
text:I'll see you earlier. This way, I'll ask you again about your address on the third floor of 10 Fruit Lake Square, East Lake Road, Wuchang District. 16,17 18,3334536489397 are all yours.	labels:He's all mine. Let's change it.
text:It's pretty big.I don't think so.You see, today you're usually 9%. We'll be there soon at 11:00 a.m., maybe later at dinner. Are you free at 2 or 3 p.m.?	labels:I don't know, because I'm going in this afternoon, so I probably don't have time for you to come by tomorrow.
text:Or if this isn't the time this morning?	labels:It was also in a hurry to come in the morning, because I had something to say at noon.
text:What time will it be in the afternoon?	labels:It's not clear, because when they get in, it takes a little time.
text:Yes, you're relatively empty tomorrow, aren't you?	labels:Tomorrow.
text:Can you add your cell number to your message?	labels:Yes, it can.
text:My name is Kang, Jiang's name is Kang Yuen. I'll text you later, and I'll add a letter to you, okay?	labels:Okay, okay.
text:You're busy. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, it's Campus Farming. Yeah. I've been looking at your website lately. You're Mrs. Yu. I'm here with Pedo, my name is Ko-ho, and you can call me Ko-chan. Have you ever thought about doing a campaign on this side?I don't think so.Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.	labels:Because our piece is not yet ripe.
text:I think you Ali Baba's been doing it for a long time. A year, huh?I don't think so.I think because you have a little information on the Internet, but I still don't think it's enough, because if you do fertilizer, you can do some publicity on the Internet, like someone else's salesman wants to find some channels for you on the Internet, and now you're searching for some of these Wuhan fertilizer, some real key words, you're showing up on our 100-degree mobile phone, and we have a lot of comrades.	labels:I know this is what I'm not doing right now, and I'm just a temporary platform, because we're dealing with a different group, because the farming industry is a piece of agricultural inputs, so there's only the old and the sick and the disabled who grow in their homes, and the young people who end up working in their homes, so that these old and the sick and the disabled people in the countryside, if they don't have one of the foundations of the Internet, he won't go up, and he can't come up there to find some products.I don't think so.We're just saying it's just for the big guys, it's a show platform, it's just trying to do it right now.
text:It's not just that kind of farm. It's that kind of farm. What do you do with wholesale or what?	labels:Wholesale, it's wholesale.
text:You're supposed to be targeting that dealer team.	labels:He's a dealer, but if there's a lot of dealers, he won't play with it.
text:Now, don't underestimate the fact that you're in need of it in the countryside, you're doing it online. Look who's telling the truth. Look at my parents, they're 4 or 5 years old, they're still studying the Internet.I don't think so.To keep up with the times, right?	labels:And I know that if you're promoting this piece, it's like an ad costume in an O to o? We all know it, but that means we're really immature now. My output and my income are definitely not going to be the right thing to do, you know?
text:You're supposed to have some training on how to run me this year, and you're supposed to have that class on the Internet.I don't think so.You've heard of some of them? Yes, because you're doing this because I think it's kind of like the boss's focus right now, right? Like you're doing this right now, you must still know a lot about the Internet.	labels:To understand one thing, it is not to say that mastery is to know a little bit more.
text:As far as we're concerned, I don't know if you've ever been to this class before, and we're not doing this for the time being.I don't think so.No, you didn't know we had a holding deposit model, did you?	labels:Isn't that a promotion?
text:But here's what we're promoting, first of all, like you're doing a website right now. We're promoting the official website you're promoting.	labels:I didn't do it just tonight. No.
text:I think it's time to file it. It's still a Chinese domain name. It's Hubei Fertilizer's health. Hubei Fertilizer's health is what we are now. After you've done it at night, let's say, I'm a dealer, and I'm trying to find a better upriver on the Internet, right?I don't think so.I'm going to search every cheap one of these keywords on the Web for Wuhan Fertilizers, or you're going to do the same thing. As long as you set it up on the 100-degree backstage, your website will be on the 100-degree front page. Not many people like to search with 100-degrees, right? It's a form of transformation.I don't think so.There's another kind of graphic ad that I think you've seen on a regular basis, for example, when you go to some of your industry websites, some of your fertilizer web sites like China Finance Network, you find that there's some kind of graphic information on that site, right?I don't think so.And when I go to the other sites, I can show the promotion slots, a picture, because he's a pretty good thing, and there's a crowd-directed function. For example, I don't need this right now. I'm sure I'm not interested if a fertilizer message comes on my side, right?I don't think so.He's the first step in searching this thing on your computer, and 100 degrees will record your client's demand for it, and then he'll do the character-specific presentation, so it's better.	labels:I know you guys, and I probably know it's better when you say it, but it's too expensive.
text:Have you ever heard of fees? We charge them on the basis of the number of hits.	labels:It's hard to say when you click.
text:That's what you've been looking at. First of all, you're thinking, like, I'm looking at a story right now, right? There's a place on the news for our 100-degree company, and when I look at it, I pop up a fertilizer ad, and I don't need it.I don't think so.I don't need to be sure I don't have to look at it, because I think it's a commercial that sells me, right? And then, for example, if I'm a year old, I want to buy something so I can clean up, and then I'm on the Internet for half a day. I don't see it. I don't see it.I don't think so.So this thing doesn't have any demand, it doesn't even go in, it doesn't look, because he knows it's an ad, who doesn't want to, we watch TV the same, we don't like advertising, right? If there's a need, I'm interested in clicking on it, right?I don't think so.So you'll be relieved about this click, and our company will have a lot of ways to avoid it, like your colleagues, because it's curious why your company's information will come up on it, and whether he'll come in a little bit or a little bit, and then the IP shield is powerful. You'll be sure this crowd is still a minority, right?	labels:You're just saying that if someone clicked on it, like, I did it in other channels, and when it's over, they're going to click and they're going to find out and they don't count the traffic.
text:Like what to say to me.	labels:For example, when I'm on a dog search or something, you're on traffic when you're on a hundred hits. If you're on a dog search, it's not.
text:It doesn't count on the line to search the dog's other browsers, and it's how you put the keywords in the backstage, and your client searches through the keywords you set, and then triggers your advertising slots, right?I don't think so.It doesn't count, for example, if I'm going to enter this site, it doesn't count if I'm going to lose the right site, for example, if you set up a relationship like a Wuhan fertilizer, right?I don't think so.And then I'm your client, and I'm searching for a cultural perjury key on a hundred degrees. And then you show up on a 100-degree phone, and then I click in, and he's a success, and he's a little anxious to charge you, you know? That's what it is, not that you just order it, though, at night.	labels:Anyway, I know a few things, which means you guys should have set aside 30005,000 dollars.
text:You're sure someone contacted you earlier, and that's what you're saying, and we're saving up for 5,000, and then you're making sure you don't live or not at night. I see you have a registered domain name. We're doing an event. We had a meeting yesterday. We don't know if we invited you.I don't think so.I didn't know you did it at night.I don't think so.If you buy corn, you can lose another 150.I don't think so.Jiang Yun, if you're going to make a website in our company now, it'll cost more than 1,000 dollars and a little more.	labels:Then you're a network of officials.
text:Did you buy your space?	labels:Just say I'm a network and I don't need a domain name.
text:Yeah, and it's 588 and it's not finished, and there's a mobile cellular site that you can build for free. Yeah, it's exactly what we're doing right now, and it was yesterday's event, and it's today, today, until today, until today.	labels:You get the whole fee down, you say it includes some activity hwa, and the whole cost down.
text:The promotion is 5,000 in advance, plus one line of service, you know, 11 years of service.	labels:The promotion is 5000, with a reserve of 1000 2,500.
text:Then I'll give you a professional.	labels:The customer service is 6200.
text:And then if you didn't do it on the website, we'd do it. The original software was 1828, right?I don't think so.And then you move to 588, and it's only 1300, right? And now you have a domain name and 150 less, and it's only 1.150.	labels:That's 1150, right? That's 1150, right?
text:Some also include mobile phone websites.	labels:Including websites for officials and mobile phones, yes.
text:And did you buy your space?	labels:What space?
text:Isn't there a domain space? A domain name dealer and a spacer are equivalent to a memory of your site, that's what it means.	labels:I don't understand space. I bought it anyway.
text:I think so. You sure you didn't do it at night? You don't live at night?	labels:No, I didn't.
text:I think you bought it, or you won't be able to take it, right?I don't think so.If you buy it, it'll be 450 less, which is the same as if I could count it, 1300 minus 600,700 dollars at night, and you have 600 dollars for the space domain of our engineering company because you bought it yourself.	labels:Is that a door or something? Is that a door?
text:Do you have time for today?	labels:I'll talk to you later, but I still think there's something I can think about.I don't think so.Yes.
text:I think it's a really good offer, but if it's not for the lady, we'll arrange for a customer manager to come over to you today, so let's talk to you. If you think it's a good idea, let's give it to you again. If you don't think it's a good idea, can you think about it?	labels:I'd also like to ask, what's up with Oat oo versus OPPO?
text:B's kind of like that. What's it like in the form of a wire network? After you paid him a dollar, he made you a web site that's like a subpage on top of them, a sub-page site, and that's, for example, a three-point smartie?I don't think so.What's it like to buy a website that doesn't belong to you, but it's one of them, and then you're going to charge it. What's their form? They say it's eight years, right?	labels:It's the same as a secondary platform, right.
text:And then there's one of the most disgusting things I've ever felt, and there's a huge amount of money to be paid on the Internet, and he's going to give you the same kind of ad message that you've developed.I don't think so.It's a very expensive thing to do, if we finish the project first.	labels:I know the words of o to o are quite expensive.
text:It's pretty expensive, not like the thousands of dollars we've got, for example, that he's paying hundreds of thousands of dollars for advertising if you're trying to get the flow of a net store up there.	labels:What I'm thinking right now is that I'm just starting out, and I'm almost done because I'm not getting up because I'm an electrician, and I'm done with it, and I'm going to be doing O to O if I'm going to come back here and I'm going to come back and I'm going to go back and say something like that about your appliances.
text:It's big when I say you want to do it, and it's different when I read it, that's different from what we're doing, because now you're probably doing something a little simpler, right?	labels:Right.
text:You're at the crossing, aren't you?	labels:To me.
text:I've got a client manager over there.	labels:Yeah, there really is.
text:We have about 54,000 customers every day, about 30 to 40 customer managers out there, and then wait for a client like us to learn from it.	labels:How long do you normally have to do this?
text:If we work on the site, we look at the complexity of the site, which is usually done within a working day or so, 10 to 15 working days, layouts of some of your sites, additions to the material, etc., and so on, and so on.	labels:Okay.I don't think so.Okay?
text:When we were in the afternoon.	labels:But as you are, what do you want me to do now, sign the contract, file it after it's done, or what?
text:Yeah, sign the contract, then we'll take it all back, then we'll put you on a list, help you with the website, and then we'll get you online. You give me a cell phone number, and I'll let them contact you.I don't think so.All right.	labels:You can find me on this call at your normal working hours.
text:Because the customer manager on our side has a corporate system process, and he's going to have to fill in his cell phone number if he's going to do it. Don't you worry, we're not going to leak, we're not going to leak.	labels:It's because of my phone number, and I think there's too many harassing calls now.
text:Our cell number is absolutely confidential for you. Only our company's own system, not on any of the 100 degrees.	labels:Text message 1899715475422782278, okay, okay.
text:I'll see you this afternoon, okay?	labels:Okay, thank you. Okay, bye.	episode_done:True