text:Hello, and I'd like to ask you about Mr. Hu Wenbin. Yes, yes, yes. I'm in the Dap district. I'm waiting. Thank you very much. I'm busy. They didn't do it.	labels:You can check and I'll see if you can see the uploads.
text:You can see where it is.	labels:Wait a little longer.I don't think so.You're supposed to upload it, and it's got something that shows who uploaded it on number number one, and it's supposed to be. We're mostly waiting.I don't think so.How are you guys doing this today?
text:Because I haven't done it before, okay?	labels:Who's in charge of this?
text:We were in charge of someone else, he is now.	labels:Let him do it at home. It's not like he can't do it at home.
text:But he couldn't find me either.I don't think so.Yeah, because we're just two, so let's just get rid of it.	labels:I know.
text:I don't think I can open it either.	labels:The business system's got a little bit of a card. You should be able to see this place when you're in the middle of class.
text:But.	labels:There's nothing on it that you can't see. Yeah, that's probably all that counts, because it's probably not.
text:They can't download anything until they can't find it, right?I don't think so.That's right. We're the only ones who can get in on our own.	labels:You should be able to find out what his class is. If you can't, you can check what his class is.
text:All right, I'll ask them again, yeah.	labels:You either ask who did it last month, and then you count Vip for a long time.
text:It's long, it's been a long time. Thank you very much. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Isn't it Zhang Yun Fei's mother? Good for you, I think another teacher wants to ask you about your kid's grades. He didn't come. He didn't do it this year. Yeah, but you're done.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I'm sorry, you're calling from a non-resident phone. Please dial zero. I'm sorry.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, the user you have dialed is off. Please call later.I don't think so.The subscriber you died with.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Right.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:No, it's not on those classes. Be careful, I saw them. Hello, are you the new parents of Chuji? Yes, I'm the teacher of Angli. Do you want to know what his mid-class grades are? How many points I've saved? That's 160 points, that's 160. Do you remember it?I don't think so.You said 100,165,165? I'm sorry, but can you tell me how much he can hear? Can't you check it yourself? The phone calls are not easy. We can't check without your ID numbers. I said we can't check without your ID numbers, no identification numbers, 66, reading 38, then we're 1.25.5231.I don't think so.Okay, then I'd like to ask if there's a high score on our side. If the child passes this score, we'll show the information on our side. He'll pass the high score on our side. What are your high scores? No, he'll get a high score on every batch, but he'll send a batch and ask you if you want to go to the high score.I don't think so.Yes, the class is in People's Square. You're in the class at People's Square. His dad reported for him. Okay, now he's gone. I'm here at 8:30. I don't know what he said at People's Square, so I asked if there were any classes in December, and we'll be in People's Square. Okay, sorry to bother you. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, your caller is on the phone, please later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:His father didn't get in touch with me before, he came back the other day, and he fed you, right? I'm Mr. Lee, the teacher of Ally's class. I just heard from his mother that he wants to report a middle-language class on Friday night. Right, can I come back to you in two minutes? Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mrs. Chan.	labels:It might have been a bad signal. You mean her dad was talking? Can you tell me when his dad called? It's 1381818151515. The back front, it's 1515, right?
text:Back there is 151.	labels:Are you here with the students we're reading?
text:Yeah. What was your basic interpreter's name?	labels:It's called "single inheritance." Was it just me? I'm Li Moji-Li, yes. Okay, good-bye. Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:How do you do, Miss Kwok?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Buh. Hello, Mother of Bridge One? Then I put him in a safe place to teach the circle of friends so he could keep a secret, so I gave you a inventory? You had to start crying last week.I don't think so.Well, it doesn't matter if it's time for the first trip, it's the traditional master business, and I realized that I've got a good blanket, and I'm going to be able to slow down to Guangdong, and I'm going to be able to get it. Good farming is going to be good. Good for us. Good for us. Good for you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:The user you died is power off.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm. It's got to be the farmer itself.	labels:For the main haircut, hello.
text:It's your mother. I'm the teacher of Ally. Well, yes, did you consult with us about the new concept two?	labels:You said that.
text:Is that right? Is your kid in sixth grade when you're in school?	labels:Yeah, you're right. You said you'd call me in 15 minutes.
text:Okay, I'll call you back. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:How do you do? I'm doing it right now. I'm calculating the price. They've asked for it a few times. I'm looking at it.	labels:You can do it when I'm done with him later, okay? Or I'll call you when I'm done.
text:Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Are you looking into the water?	labels:It's Li Ying. This is Mr. Lee's class director. You're reporting a new concept. It's Wednesday, Saturday afternoon class. It's Saturday, 3:30 to 18:00.
text:3.30-6. Right? Two and a half hours. Which room?	labels:There's a few more on the third floor. We're here on the ninth floor of Pudong Food City. Not here.
text:You're in Anichi's class.	labels:That's right, we moved to Pudong City at the end of September.I don't think so.What do you say at the exact address? At the Pudong Food City Wine Building.
text:First video that place.	labels:To the first video next door.
text:First, you're next door, you're on your own, right? Yeah, send me an address.	labels:I just added your e-mail, and I'll post it on the e-mail, okay?
text:Next door to the first video, you've been sending me to look for it. It's good. It's the first time everything's over there, right? Don't go to your place.	labels:Take it with you. Okay, what grade is it?
text:We are now.	labels:Right? Which school is he? Thank you. Good.	episode_done:True
text:Okay.	labels:Isn't it Wang Ying's mother? Yes, I'm here to speak English. You want to consult your little friend about a new concept. Right? Did you study outside before?
text:There is.	labels:Is he in second grade this fall, or is he in first grade this fall?
text:We're in first grade in September, this year.	labels:It's the first grade in the fall, isn't it?
text:For September this year, Ok.	labels:Let me tell you a little bit about the adult version of all his new concepts we're using here in Angry.
text:Right, right, right.	labels:So we've got first-year kids here to start a new class, but for reasons of stability, I'd like to give your kids a heart test.
text:That's because I wanted to see it first. I didn't expect it to be like second grade. First grade involved the smallest, yes.	labels:That means that if he comes down with a star test, if it's not enough, he might need to go to a pre-dressing course, like a Harvard kid or a sbs course.
text:These are the ones we've got on top of.	labels:You're reading, aren't you?I don't think so.Okay, then I'll tell you a second thing.
text:Less than that.	labels:There are fewer first graders, fewer first graders, and there are more children in a first grade, like Fukuyama, in an English-characterized school.I don't think so.Yeah, so the second thing you say is that you want to be in class after 3.30 p.m.?
text:I think this is the time to measure it.	labels:The time for the test is 3:30? This will be fine. Then you can come by tomorrow or six weeks, if you have time, because I'm in the Bailiwick.
text:I came here at 3:30 on Saturday for painting at Ho Ho, right next door. Okay.	labels:No problem. And you know the address of our campus, right?
text:You're not in the first video, we're in the first video and you're next door.	labels:Why don't you take the elevator up to the 9th floor of General Food City? Then I'll give you about 3.30 p.m. on Saturday, and I'll send you an address and a text message on my phone later. If you can't find a way or something, will you call me?
text:Okay, I just thought I'd do a test, and I'd like to know, because I'm going to report it at headquarters? Okay.	labels:Okay, okay. Anyway, my name is Ruthen. Okay, bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:All right, go ahead. Hello.	labels:Is the teacher here?
text:He's resting every day.	labels:Let me ask you how you rested during the 11th and how there was a transfer or something.
text:No arrangements have been made for the eleventh period.I don't think so.At present there are changes between 33 and 5 in 345 courses, which may wait for the next two weeks on October 1, and we will give it to the parents after all the documents are sent from Headquarters.	labels:Because we're planning a trip now. If we're on Friday for the 11th, is this going to change?
text:It's supposed to be a transfer. Two-on-one. Two-on-one is supposed to be out of class.	labels:Is that going to go backwards, or is it going to go back on vacation?
text:It should be backwards, for example, if I give an example, the second course could be before September 30th, or after September 3.	labels:It's probably 456 after the third, isn't it?
text:If it's easy for you to leave me a child's name. If we have a specific transfer time, can I call you back?	labels:Okay, because we're going out to book a hotel or something, and then I say I'm going to go up to this class, and you're not being informed, and your headquarters is being arranged.
text:I'll get back to you tonight, okay?I don't think so.Right? Right. I'd like to ask if you can keep a cell phone.	labels:14714782588880824.
text:824, well, General Dong's mother is the same, so you can pick up your phone at 6-5-6 at night.	labels:Yes.
text:If there are any arrangements, I'll tell you about them and send you a message if they don't.	labels:Okay? Okay, thank you.
text:Well, that's a problem.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:The number you have dialed cannot be reached for the time being, please wait a moment.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:You don't have to wait for a while because his words aren't so professional, because they don't have a math language, and there's a separate type on the side of our school.	labels:Hello, it's the parents of Jo Autumn's little friend. Hi, I'm Aunli's teacher. I'm calling to remind you that the kids have a new idea, they're starting school tomorrow at 3.30 p.m. to 6 p.m., they're starting tomorrow. Don't be late.
text:Wait for me on the 9th floor of Stoneview City. Right, 3:30-6. Right?I don't think so.Yeah, we're gonna bring something with the first sweep, and the kids will bring the cadets. All right, all on the 9th floor? All on the 9th floor. All right, I got it. Thank you. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hi, Yoyo mom? Hi, I'm the school teacher in the Aurelian language who gave me a call from Miss Willow. So if we're in Harvard IIa class, there's a new class this Sunday morning, and you can bring your little friend here for an audition.
text:Sunday morning's right.	labels:9 o'clock.
text:That time of the morning was not too bad.	labels:This is because you and Miss Liu, because of two people, we want to start a class for you. Friday night it's 6:15-8:15.
text:There's only one class for two people.	labels:We'll hire three of them because there are two of you right now, because I have a mother on my side, and she wants Harvard IIa. Let me ask her if it's the right time for Friday night, and if so, the three of you can start next week.
text:We have to think of me like this next week, and I want him to come in and listen to you at Harvard, because he's a major, he's an out-of-country version, they have an out-of-country, they have an out-of-country textbook, and they have a teaching material, and I want him to do it, in addition to our Oxford in Shanghai. You're just trying to spell it out. Right?	labels:That's right, we'll put natural spellings in our Harvard curriculum, including every lesson.I don't think so.So when kids understand that, there's a concept of spelling, including back words.
text:That's what I'm saying. I'll get him on Sunday.	labels:I mean, you can try him on Sunday this week, and if you can, we can help you get your class out on Friday night.
text:This is Friday. Next Friday, next week, I'll let him try.I don't think so.All right, let's check it out, I'll ask the kid, and if you're forced, because he's got something else, and I want him to learn, because I think it's good that you spell it naturally, because I'm saying I'm done with the Sundays, and I'm done with the test at 9:00 a.m., and I'll give it to you when it's over.I don't think so.So to me, it's basically to keep the kid low, he's low, if you just push him.	labels:Yeah, it's better this way.
text:It's 9 to 11. It's between 9 and 2 hours, two and a half hours.	labels:But if we help you, the two of your children will have two hours, because, in this case, our course will have a total of 50 hours, like this class on Sunday morning, it will be two and a half hours, 20 times a time.I don't think so.Then, if we were to spend that time on Friday night, because, in relative terms, it would be a little late from 6 to 8 p.m., we would say that we were set for two hours, and we would have been 25 times in those two hours.
text:Anyway.	labels:The total duration of the class is 50 hours.
text:I understand, but will you be able to sit for two and a half hours?	labels:Well, one of us will have a break, and we'll be in class.
text:Extraditism is on the same side.	labels:That's what we say. Foreignism takes the form of a computer-to-computer, religious instruction takes the form of a religion-to-religious extraterrestrialism, and there's only one face-to-face on the Internet.
text:Such a list.I don't think so.It's different. I'll let him listen to it this week at 9 a.m.	labels:And then Ben.
text:How many students are there?	labels:I'll take a look at this class. Sunday morning, it's three kids. Okay, then I'll send the campus address to your phone.
text:Okay.	labels:Okay, I'll see you Sunday. I'll see you on Sunday.	episode_done:True
text:All right, hello. The number you died does not exist. Please check it and dial.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Okay.	labels:Hello, Miss Fay? Where are you? I'm a teacher at the Dap school in the Austrian language, and I'd like to ask if my little friend is now a senior in high school, if he's going to attend English after school. We're in high school. You're going to study a few classes for higher exams. We've got a teacher to help him. Okay.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mr. Zhang? Excuse me, but I have another answer to the campus. Would you like to know if the kids are learning a new concept? No need.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, your call is on the phone.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, your call is in the middle of a call.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Did anyone check his scores? Hello, your call is on the phone. Please call later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Liu Xiaowoo.	labels:You said one was tail number 9573, September 10th.
text:13818799573, right? Why can't we find it in the group? Right, because we can't find it in the group that allocates the resources.	labels:I am.
text:Did you just report it to me? He remembers it when you said that he was calling me on a temporary basis?I don't think so.And then he said he was nearby and called him over? I told him about the address, but he didn't, and I gave it back. He probably meant that he wasn't in such a hurry. He meant that he was going to the right time, and then I wanted him to come over to the campus and he said he had time to come back.I don't think so.Did he give him an in-country course?	labels:I know he's thinking about time. He's thinking about his character in time.
text:He's just not in a hurry. He's not in a hurry.	labels:Right.
text:The list is still in my name, but I'm kind of like it, because I'm not going to school soon, and I'm going to call home in the name of a school celebration and ask you what you need.	labels:We can talk later, if that's the case.
text:Okay.	labels:There is also a list of candidates.
text:I'll take a look at it. This is when he came over to try out the Sbs class, and then he went back to him after he tried it. Maybe he didn't read it here. Maybe it's because it's not the right time.	labels:Time is not right.
text:Yeah, and then he told me that it was not the right time, and then he said that I asked him if he needed it. He said that he didn't need it.	labels:Right.
text:The answer he gave me at the time was vague, and then I gave him a visit because I had already given him, but he went back and asked him to think about it, and then I asked him if he needed him to say that he might have found it outside and not anymore.	labels:Check this platform for me. You're 18943086416.
text:This is for Lee Yanli. She's right next to me. Wait a minute.	labels:That's the guy.I don't think so.Hello, Mrs. Lee has just consulted you at this number.	labels:In that case, the one who asked to come over for a test, and he was still considering the list, was picked up by Wang Hainan and then.	labels:You know, tomorrow I'm just gonna go back and talk to my parents, who said that the children he tested at the time were not enough.	labels:Right. Right. Last time.I don't think so.Yes, but I've already given us another sale. Yes, I may have taken it.	labels:He can still come by on Sunday afternoon because he can communicate.	labels:But our new shift starts on Sunday, October 25th, and I'll get the sales to contact him. Right, because I didn't take him when he came to the test. Yeah, I helped him. I talked to him after the last call.I don't think so.Yes, because he just called last week, he said he had to read the sbs and I said that because we were in the Sbs class at the time, and then today, on October 25th, we started with lesson number one.	labels:It's just that I've made an appointment with him, Little. Talk to him again. I'll come over. No.	labels:All right, all right. See you later.	episode_done:True
text:The first question, the third question is how are you? How are you?	labels:It's Siri's mom, isn't it?
text:Where?	labels:I'm here with Mr. Lee from Ulrich's class. Hello, it's because of this guest.
text:I was going to call you, and you said, "Well, we probably won't be stopping school for a while, because since the first time you moved a new classroom, our little friend has a little asthma on the air, because it's a little asthma on its own, and then, if it's new to the environment and it's decorated, it's going to have asthma, and then it's going back to the fever after the first time, yes. So I didn't go on the last national holiday.	labels:Mm-hmm.
text:Because.	labels:It's actually fine here, but he's probably not the same for every kid.
text:The system, because when we were little, he did the same thing. Our grown-ups were fine, and he was miserable.	labels:Isn't that right?I don't think so.Actually.
text:I'll call you. You said you could stop for me, okay?	labels:There are not many lessons left behind, as we may all have small classes behind us, but basically small ones, which may involve different costs.
text:It's okay. I'll probably be waiting for you, like, for a winter break or when I'll read these.	labels:I'll help you transfer to one of our preset classes, and then there's a possibility that you might get a little more money if you go to class.
text:Well, if I ask you the other way, because I've been reading for so long, there's something left for me that you won't, right?	labels:Because we don't quit more than two classes.
text:I get it. I don't have a lot of lessons left behind, do I? Yeah.	labels:There are five lessons left for this class.
text:Two classes didn't finish before you helped me. You counted them for me.	labels:This can count as your tutorial, you can arrange your tutorial later, you can arrange it.
text:Why don't you put it together and make it up to me?	labels:Or maybe you can choose the cold vacation to get a lot of ups and ups and ups.
text:Well, because I want to wait, because there are no windows in your new place, right?	labels:There's windows in our classroom, there's windows in our classroom.
text:It's too open, 'cause I was kind of hot that day.	labels:Because what's behind you might be special because it's about this, but will you think about it again on Tuesday?I don't think so.Tuesday.
text:I say I don't have your place for the time being, because I'm still a little afraid of the new renovations, because his little friend just happened, and even though we haven't been to school for three days because of the large number of private workers' unions, it's just as soon as I get back to the Fourth of July, and I haven't been to school for three days, and I burned it in the house.	labels:Are you ready now?
text:It's all right now, but I'm afraid I'll miss you.	labels:Our other campuses are just around here, for example, there's a lot of campuses. Can you do that?
text:Where are you?	labels:It's not that far away, like Pudong.
text:It's as if we're far away from you, because we live here on Pumin Road, and you're the closest to us.	labels:I know we're up to date, because maybe this place is not the right place for you to say that some of the surroundings have to be read after the price of the new house, right?
text:Yeah, so I'd like to wait until you smell a little bit, and then pass over to the old building where it's nice, but it doesn't look that good, but the older it's still right for us.	labels:Because that place might be a little small, like this side of our class would be a little bigger.
text:It's okay. Just back up for me, okay?	labels:Yes, because we have school festivals now, for example, they'll be a bit more favourable, like this class, and they'll be here on Saturdays, so I'd like to ask you, because you might still have to read them later, or if we're in or around the campus, would you report them first?
text:No, right, see how he does? Does that mean that he learns lessons, for example, that when I'm in the middle of a winter break or in the summer, you can just fill him up with two lessons?	labels:If you're the last of us, we're not going to finish the class. That's what we're going to do for you, but we're going to do it for you before the end of the class. Here's the thing, because we don't have any more on the computer, which means I'm going to have to get you off this before the session.
text:Okay, so when am I supposed to be here?I don't think so.For example, because I'm here up to the end of October? So when do you look at me, when I say I'm here, like I'm here, I'm here for the winter, I'm here for the summer, I'm here for the summer, and I'm here for the summer.	labels:Are you going to switch to the signal, or are you going to fill in a few lessons later?
text:There's no more classes, right? There's no more classes. If I'm new, I can put them on next summer, or on this year's winter vacation, right? It's a few years before.	labels:You mean just a few lessons? Yeah.
text:That means you've finished the rest of my class.	labels:C-2 doesn't report him first?
text:Not for the time being.	labels:Because it doesn't really make much sense what you say in a few classes.
text:Your classmates, like we might come to school together, don't know where it is, they're in class together, and I'm waiting to be informed.	labels:It's in your school, isn't it? It's in your school, too?
text:Yeah. I don't know if it's on your side of the business or where.	labels:Are they the ones of the beads? What grade are you in? You're hosting a lot of them on our side, and you're organizing a lot of them.
text:We're in third grade.	labels:Yeah? Then there's a lot of people on our side.I don't think so.I can transfer your classes to every predefined class, you can read Shinichi after you, and the rest of the classes will be summer or cold. Okay, okay.
text:Why don't you presell me like this? Read it.	labels:Okay, good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Who knows.	labels:What's Grandpa's name? The teacher said it's off today.
text:I'll just pick it up.	labels:I want you to pick me up today.
text:I know, I know. I'm sick of you coming here right now, so you know that.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Buh. Hi, I'm a friend of mine. I'm a middle-level research teacher in Mingzhou, so I'm just going to get a little bit of a message, so I'm just picking up a little bit of it, and I'm using all of it for the MacDonald screw factory vault, my fertilizer to roll the smell of the forest. Okay, I'm going to wait for my brother to make it around 4 or 5 p.m. and you're the mobile phone, right?I don't think so.What am I supposed to do with it? What's the name of the letter? How about my kid with the name? Okay, so you want to cry?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Well, it's not the same. It's 3600 for the oral test class, so what you're doing with the pen is 3000 for the oral test, zero for tomorrow, but one is 3000 for 12 hours, one is 35 hours, 3600 for 35 hours.I don't think so.Yes, every Saturday is the last class, then Saturday from 8.30 a.m. to 11.30 a.m. Zhejiang took me for more than 20,000 dollars, because it was probably a third grade, who knew the last time.	labels:Mr. Li, the first class is a week on Saturday morning, right? This afternoon was never a class, right?
text:We don't have classes here.	labels:I don't think there's any other place. Okay, well, he's coming up first, so I know bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Leubrey's mom? Hello, I'm responding in English to the schoolteacher. Hi, I'd like to talk to you. You're a sbs student, right?I don't think so.Yeah, and then this class starts on Saturday, and then it's 3:30 to 18:00, and then it's 5 to 10 minutes before the first class, and then I'll send him the material, and then we'll have a micro-letter on our side, and here's my mom, if I don't have a micro-mail from you, and the cell phone number can be found. Yeah, I'll give you a look later. Okay, bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:Hello? Did you pick me up today? He's out.I don't think so.What? Dad's out. Well, he might be a little late.I don't think so.Hey, I got it.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Enrique.	labels:Hello, I'm with the administration, and I'd like to ask if you've received your watch. I haven't received it yet.
text:The watch?	labels:That's right, you guys.
text:I don't know, because I'm not in charge of this. Let me ask, and I'll send it if I don't.	labels:Why don't you get in touch with me? You guys don't send it every time you get to the last week.
text:Is that okay?	labels:Send it to me now.
text:Okay.	labels:Thanks, bye.	episode_done:True
text:Who knows who knows.I don't think so.Who knows?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Your call is off.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is that English? Yes. I'd like to ask you if you can try it on your side. What are you? My kid is in third grade this year, and he's been studying English since he was four years old, and he's been studying in the diplomatic service for four years, and it's almost four years, and I'd like to transfer him to an institution.	labels:Yes.
text:In terms of new concepts, since he had previously been a part of a purely foreign religion.	labels:And what time period would you be more appropriate if you said yes?
text:If we try, we might.	labels:I'll take a look at it on Sunday. Well, there's a fresh start, and a Sunday morning, uh, Sunday afternoon at 12:30. Do you think that's all right? I've already had a few classes.
text:12:30? It's 12:30, and then it's over, right?	labels:You used to be a non-teaching speaker, right? How's the word count for it?
text:It's not very rich, it's not very rich, he's got some of the school's words he's back anyway, and he's got some of those backs he's got on the outside. It's not big, it's appropriate.	labels:You can do this.
text:If I wanted to read him a new concept, I would like to invest in it from the beginning and then lay the groundwork.	labels:That's the right idea for you, so you can come by on Sunday.
text:Okay, so is your 12:30 class one?	labels:It's a new concept. It's a new concept. It's a new concept. It's a new concept.
text:No, I checked online.	labels:Can I send you the address and you give me a contact?
text:Okay, 136136216216. 7133671336.	labels:You.
text:What's your last name?	labels:Chen Er-dong Chen?
text:Chen biting Kim's Chen.	labels:Is it true? Okay, you bring your kids here on Sunday. Okay, okay, so I'll text you later, so bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:I don't want to hear it today. Hello, teacher. Is the teacher in Yang Ying's middle class here? He's busy, but he's busy.I don't think so.By the way, the teacher wants to ask you if you know why you can't pass your final exam, why you haven't done it yet. You should check it out next week, because it's a little late this year. It's a little late. It's a little late today, so we'll see it again next week. That's good for you. See you later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Please don't hang up.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Okay?	labels:I didn't ask him, but he'll have to do it before he gets it. Isn't that right? Yes, I'm another 20%. Have you checked China's grades?	episode_done:True
text:How do you do? How do you do? How do you do? How do you do?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mr. Qiu. What's up? I'm here to talk to you about the English language that the child wants to read after school. Okay, thank you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:How would you like me to do that?	labels:I'd like to hear the speech.
text:Kaqing has two.	labels:By the Director-General in the morning.
text:What's the problem? What's cool? What's the problem today?	labels:This Buddha.
text:We'll have to think about it, too. Wait a minute.	labels:Okay.
text:I've had a hard time.	labels:Didn't work on the feed project?
text:Screening, something. I slept late last night. You sent it last night.	labels:How did you get a lot of trades yesterday?
text:Have I been waiting for you before? Okay, I'll check on the king. He's not even at work yet.	labels:Mm-hmm, good.
text:Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:You're 8 million campuses, right? Excuse me, I'm speaking with a wide community of foreign speakers. I'd like to ask if you're in a class from 9 to 11.30 a.m. on Saturday?
text:I'll show you the stars on Saturday morning. Okay.	labels:Thank you.
text:On Saturday morning, there's only one big class.	labels:There's only one big class, right.
text:New classes are still open, November 7th.	labels:The class starts on November 7. Are there any in the class that's in session?
text:I'm taking a look at the class.I don't think so.Is there a new concept two class on Saturday morning? 9-11.30. That's the class. How many grams do you want?	labels:I'll probably start on the half side of 49 grams or the front 43 grams 40.
text:I'll show you later.	labels:Sure, don't rush.
text:9-11.30 is a new concept, and there's a Li Tsing Yun's.	labels:How many lessons have you got?
text:About 4515 grams.	labels:Yeah, it's a big class. A few people are still 88, OKay. Thank you. If you need me, I'll call you back. I'll talk to my parents.	episode_done:True
text:Yeah, you bring the money over here to change it for you. Who's working for me?I don't think so.I don't need that.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:All right, go ahead. Hello.	labels:I'd like to consult some kids in English. Do you mind?
text:You said that.	labels:As she is now in sixth grade, my daughter has read a new concept before in Aung San Suu Kyi, the second after which she has read Little Tofu, and I do not know if there are any courses that would be more suitable for him at this stage.
text:You're 6th grade, right? Yes, if you want to know, is his junior high a public or a private?	labels:It's the foreign language of shock in your midst.
text:I'd like to ask your mother if you want to go abroad to become an international high school or if you don't know your permission at home.	labels:We are now based on a lack of full certainty.
text:So maybe he's still hesitating, right?	labels:Yes. We both have to think about it at the end of the baccalaureate or at the end of the junior high school, and it's not the only thing that's going to think about it in the country, and it's not so sure now.
text:I'd like to ask because you may have an idea of leaving the country, and I'd like to ask, for example, if you've ever thought about giving him the opportunity to take the test, for example, because he's read the whole book of the new concept two.	labels:Agency?I don't think so.He told him before because I was in fifth grade, and he thought he might not have much of a vocabulary, and he couldn't hear it.I don't think so.So then we went to a class, then we went hungry, because I was probably a little younger in third and fourth grade, so because basic interpreters were my idea, first of all, there was no other course, and I didn't want him to waste that time.
text:I think that I have a basic interpreter here, and there are courses for middle school students, but if parents have the idea of leaving the country or have the intention to do so, they may prefer an interpreter to an alternative.I don't think so.But if you stay in the country at a later stage, you can see the course of the baccalaureate.	labels:I don't know if basic interpreters are more or less suitable for them in sixth grade.
text:In the case of children in general, this course is the most frequent in the sixth grade and sixth grade, and in the case of children in the public sector, it is slightly better in the case of Xu Ka Fai or the People ' s Square area.I don't think so.In the sixth grade, reading basic language is actually pretty good.	labels:You remember that I had the impression that it was okay to start school here, but it's basically in April next year, right? It's just like in April next year. What time do you have? Have you started school?
text:School hasn't started yet. It's starting this week.	labels:It's just this week.
text:The beginning of school this week is Saturday morning from 9 a.m. to 11.30 a.m.	labels:There is no other time.
text:It is currently a time period.	labels:Saturday morning, no other time, right?
text:And then it's a final exam course. It's 12:30 to 3:12 on Sunday.	labels:There's only one time for each of your classes here.
text:Yes, because the rest of the classes are full, because you asked later, the other classes are almost full by the beginning of September.	labels:Neither time period was ideal.
text:There's a class conflict? Yeah.	labels:There's a class conflict, this.
text:Well, if you're free, take him for a test, then for an entrance test.I don't think so.Look at the level. If you can, you can help him think about the basic accent.	labels:The point is, I can't do this right now, and you have a problem with it. Do you have it on Friday night?
text:I'll take a look at it. It's not temporary.	labels:Not Friday night. Okay. Okay. Okay, I got it.
text:I'll leave you a phone call if there's any other kids I need to see.	labels:I'm having a problem with you two hours, and I'm on Sunday, or we're empty Sunday morning, or after Sunday morning, after 2 or 3 p.m. or something.
text:Friday night, right?	labels:Six per cent are now estimated to be somewhat problematic.
text:Would you mind if you went to the other campus?	labels:I know all the other campuses because I've been in everyone's wide campus and I've been to your grandkids.
text:Right.I don't think so.All right, leave a phone number if it's easy for mom, and if the other kids want the main class, you can do it, for example, in the middle or in the main class.	labels:Main shift.
text:The main group said, for example, that several of the children had been reported together, just in time.I don't think so.If you need it, I'll let you know.	labels:Well, that's fine. I'll leave a cell phone, 138,138,168.
text:16854802. Right. 4802 for 5480254802. Okay, I'll call you if any other parents want to. Okay, Sunday night or after 3:00 p.m. on Sunday.	labels:Well, I'll think about it. Anyway, you've got a shift this week this morning.
text:Yeah, if you guys have time for him to come over and listen.	labels:Okay, okay.
text:Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Can you hear me? The signal's better now. Okay.
text:Just third grade.	labels:Farmer farmers have the same way, and I've just been able to give you a little help test. Yeah, if I've given you a lot of heart in my life, I'll give you one of my own, because you've got two taxes in Beijing, but if you don't get a 40 in front of you, I'll be able to connect, right?
text:He's just never out there, I've never been.	labels:Nothing touched.
text:So many things are written in textbooks, which means it's all right in textbooks, but he doesn't have more than a little bit of it.I don't think so.And then that question, just because you said you weren't in class, was on Saturdays, right?	labels:For last year's Leban Jado.
text:You helped Ausio in East Asia to be free of poison and then the Arabs were gone, but you thought it was iron.	labels:Say take the iron.
text:Because he's got a long way to go, and he's got a long way to go, and maybe I'm saying it's all 111-4.	labels:It's probably just me, and I'm the one you can do right now with the needs of the outsiders, if you're sure I've been waiting for, for example, a job like this, and if you're here to help him, then two little friends can drive.
text:Because I'm good enough for Tomka Wu, then.	labels:The Dragon Creek Dragon was the first to fall into the ground because you thought that all the help was in the house.
text:There's a chance it's over to the ground.I don't think so.Because a whole week goes by them.	labels:Yeah, well, it's more fun in Russia if it's just ice or ice ads.
text:So you just got back to where you were.	labels:We're all in touch, right?
text:'Cause you've been a drug-free hero since you left, and my brother and I are about to start turning back.	labels:Am I right? I'm starting.
text:That's because I read it.	labels:It's a local tourist road. It has its own territory.
text:Don't you think you're special?	labels:I may not be in touch in the second place when I'm just passing through my pants.
text:What's the matter? The tinless unit will do a test.	labels:To Dragon Kong.
text:It's their day, and then I'm at work like that.	labels:Take this.
text:It's not even a light like this, because it can't open, you tell him. There's no way there's one, right? Right.	labels:We'll be able to start on the first three shifts.I don't think so.It belongs to Mr. Gwang-nam.
text:More than 200, right.	labels:It's just that when it comes to the new concept of the class, it's the patient's SB SS, he's a farmer who's probably available online as long as he's hot.
text:I started earlier.	labels:Well, tomorrow at 9 a.m., it's done.
text:That's because mooncakes don't have to move if this test calls, because that little China doesn't have to be a month.	labels:In plain words, China and I don't remember, then.
text:I guess I'm going out.	labels:It's usually used for five months.
text:So I guess a teacher like that told him out.	labels:Watch out for the 9th and 9th days after the farming people.
text:You know what I'm saying?	labels:Mr. Law, I've had it with me. Right.I don't think so.I'm all possible.I don't think so.It's on the road. It's not on the road. It's on the road.
text:Well, I'm not exactly on the right or the wrong side.	labels:In order to make good purchases, it is possible to use the three stable cattle complexes by paying 35 cents to 5 cents.
text:Okay? Right.	labels:I think we'll be waiting in hand. There's a center, I can see that, and that's it.	episode_done:True
text:Right, and I just checked it out for you. We have a technical opening tomorrow night at 6:30 to 9 p.m. and a course is supposed to be a second hearing class.	labels:It's still so long, tomorrow night.
text:Tomorrow's so 16th.	labels:June 16th to 6:45 p.m.
text:He's got this for you for a second.	labels:He didn't finish last time. 66th and 16th only started, did he?
text:Does that mean it's going to be normal till tomorrow?I don't think so.Tomorrow's normal, I'll just confirm for you that the first class is tomorrow October 16th. Yes, and then you push back for a week, that's the second class 23, okay?	labels:It's the phone.
text:Okay, second lesson on hearing, because tomorrow should be the first lesson on hearing.	labels:You're at 6:30-9. 6:30-9:00, so you give me the address.
text:We'll open 601 at the Pudong Foods Tower.	labels:Liquor tower upstairs can see it.
text:That's right, you're going straight to the elevator, and you're speaking English, so let's finish this campus, okay?	labels:You got a call. I'll check with you next week.
text:If you call, you can just call me, okay? I'm Lou, Ruthen's. I'm just calling from a colleague from the Golden Bridge, and I'll check it out for him. Okay, you can just call me back then, okay? Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, I'm a fellow foreign language teacher, and you've been in a draw on our side before, right? The public comment, yes, and then we get a third-class prize, and then you get two prizes, one lecture, yes, and a wrong title. Uh, yes, he's speaking on 17th and 18th, for kids of different ages, so I'd like to ask how old your child is? We're in the first grade.I don't think so.Yeah, where's 1:30-2.30 in the afternoon of 17? 800 and a half.I don't think so.Well, I'd like to ask you if you're a young child or some other child's foreign language, or if you have nothing to do with a young child? We're all part of the group, but they're for young children, for example, in languages other than languages, but they're for English. All the English courses are like this, and then there's some sbs and Harvard kids in primary schools, and some of these classes, and some of the children's studies, some teachers give useful advice on learning, or you can ask questions.I don't think so.All right, I'll send you our address and send it to your phone. We're in Pudong Food City. I know about the winehouse. Okay, you'll bring the kids over, then you'll be your last name?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Sorry, your number is empty. Please check.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I can't. You're dialing a phone from the outside, please, Gabriel. I'm sorry, you're dialing a million.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Help me find Mr. Wang Hainan. Hi, I'm Mrs. Chen, see you haven't called in the afternoon. Okay, you checked it out for me.
text:I've seen it for you. It's still all there is.	labels:Top half.
text:Not the whole side, from the top, from the first.	labels:It's on the whole side, it's on the other side, it's on the other side, it's on the other side, it's on the other side, it's on the other side, it's on the other side, it's on the other side, it's on the other side, it's on the other side, it's on the other side, it's on the other side, it's on the other side, it's on the other side, it's on the other side, it's on the other side, it's on the other side, it's on the other side, it's on the other side, it's on the other side.
text:It's dense, it's not cold, it's not, it's not, it's new.	labels:I'm going to be here every day, yeah.
text:And then you used to be two now.	labels:Words are also remarkable.
text:Well, that's the kind of kid that's better. It's more appropriate to have extra classes in the summer. Like you guys, because you're young and you're not in a hurry, are you?I don't think so.So you read it once a week. I told you before, you either pick Sunday morning.	labels:It's the second half of the morning. Yeah, that's the first half of the word. You say the first half, and the second half is expensive. You're 200.
text:Here's the preference, so there's no preference for single-section registration.	labels:There is no concession to single-section registration, yes.
text:You're the one who's in the whole book and you don't have a discount on 8,800. But that's 4800, unless it's a good deal to say you can either get a card.	labels:What kind of card is a learning card, and high-rises are reserved for a lot of money?
text:It's not much, because you're going to have to learn Monday, and it's going to cost 12,000 on Monday.	labels:A single price is 12,000, 40 lessons, and a 44-minute price of 12,000 for 8,800.
text:What kind of course is different? Sbs, it's 17 units, more than 10 units, like a new concept of teenagers, it's already 144 grams for the first time, which is different.	labels:I told you I went to New East yesterday to check it out, and he said that I was not qualified enough to mention the same.
text:He's saying you're not qualified for sbs level I.	labels:Of course it's on the first floor.
text:What's your score?	labels:Anyway, he did a hard job, and he didn't say we were in fourth grade.
text:Why is it so hard to test?	labels:I don't know.
text:Ours is a normal level of testing, and we're already two-year-olds, and we're already two-year-olds, and we're still doing some sbs, and I'm thinking that's what you learn in school, because you're four years, four years, four years, five years, and you're in fifth grade, and you're building up a new doctor's vocabulary, and that's what you've learned in third grade.	labels:Do you mind if I just jump on Starbucks?I don't think so.I studied sbs twice.
text:Can you just jump on Star 2? You've been pulling it for a long time, haven't you?	labels:My deal is long and long.
text:If you don't, it'll take a long time. Why do you have to pull up two sses, two sbs and one together for a long time? Sbs2 and one must have taken a long time, and you didn't have a new first reading to pick up a new pair, so that's how we set it up.	labels:But I think if you read like this on Sunday, it's like this. If I read half a book, by April, then you're gonna let me get a new idea. I mean, right?I don't think so.Three times I don't know the words before me, and I'm just giving them to him now, and I'm not letting him spell them out, and the words before him are as if they had not accumulated, and then I don't know if you're going to speak grammar or have an audition, and I'm going to take lessons later.
text:There's no new shift now. You either wait for two pairs for about two weeks, maybe two weeks, and then arrange an audition for you.I don't think so.Listen to me first.	labels:I think it's nice to hear it. At least I know you're teaching more about your sbs.
text:Syntaxs will be available, but the main focus of the first half is that a single word will be lighter and slightly lighter than the second half.	labels:Right.
text:For example, where does the first unit come from, like this? Kids know it, but he's focused on a few different terms, like different countries, and it's more than that, but it doesn't mean that each of you has to carry it down, it doesn't mean that. He doesn't mean all of it, he just picks up some of the regular things we usually see, some of them as you read them.	labels:I ask again, will your teacher ask for a copy of the text?
text:There will be, because the words of the sbs also contain dialogue texts, which are primarily dialogue-oriented, followed by text requests, yes.	labels:You have to carry it every day, don't you?
text:Teacher.	labels:It'll be off-limits.
text:The excerpts have to be back, because some of the classics are also good for the children, and if you're all back, there's no point, it's no point.	labels:I still wonder if last Friday was the whole thing or last week, why do I think your half-time is so expensive?
text:It's like this, because it's half-differentiated, half-measured, and we're all half-measured.	labels:I asked him if he had an outsider, and his sps were on them.
text:It's the word that focuses on the spoken, on the spoken, on the foreign-teaching, and it's the syntax for the second half.I don't think so.Yes, because religious teachers explain things in English more clearly. Foreign teaching is mostly about playing with kids, like when we talk about first grade or first graders, middle class kids, I'm very supportive. But now you're in second grade, and you want to learn about school, right? You're better off reading it instead of believing in good faith.	labels:Actually, he's like us from the next time. It's okay. Yeah.
text:They went down to the bottom of the book, and they went down to read Shinichi.	labels:Then one class will follow the new class after January.
text:Yeah, because these two kids have to add a new one, they're all in a class.	labels:Which two children have now reported on Sundays, Sundays.
text:For Sunday's 1919969.	labels:It's Sunday, isn't it? Uh, you've seen it, but I can come back after class, and you're not full.
text:Yeah.	labels:And then I watch Ben and some of them say there's only five of them in the mini class.
text:Did you say there were classes you saw on our side?	labels:Did I see that there were only five people in the parents' bag who spoke foreign languages?
text:There should be very few under five now, and it's almost Tuesday that we don't even get in there if we want to. He knows people.	labels:A few people, ten, and you're sbs exactly how many sbs.
text:It's 10 people.	labels:Ten people's up.
text:Yeah, I've been telling you about within ten dollars, yeah.	labels:Okay, so I don't have a problem with the 18th. How many lessons do I take?
text:And I'm not sure that the 18th of this class is open right now, because the last time I said there were kids who said they were on leave, so we're only four of them, and we're only four of them, and we're just gonna say it.	labels:Then we'll open it when it's full.
text:We're full and open, but the kids may say they need 10 people.	labels:There are only four of them.
text:The full shift is 10, and the four of us are starting.	labels:Four people will be able to start the shift.
text:So I was thinking maybe 25 next week.	labels:We're not going out on the 25th. I have to go to the 31st, right?I don't think so.I'll pay by the 31st, right? Yes.
text:Wait till you're sure you're out on the 25th, right?	labels:And I'm thinking a lot of my classes means you've only been in one and a half hours. Where have you two and a half hours of kids been sitting?
text:The teacher must have a way. Why can't we go to class? You want Star One to have a dozen classes and Stars 20 classes? You're about three years away from the new doctor's kids. They're harder to learn. How do they live? Teachers always have a way, right? That's what we're worried about, that's not what you're worried about.	labels:And then on Monday, I see you're lined up all Saturday morning.
text:They do, they do, they do, they do, they do, they do, they do, they do, they do, they do, they do, they do, they do, they do, they do, they do, they do, they do, they do, they do, they do, they do, they do, they do, they do, they do.	labels:There's three classes every day. That's right. I'd like to ask you what kind of school you come from?
text:There will be more beads, like before, because you have a geographical location with a 60-close look around, and a lot more out there, like a lot out there on Tuesday.	labels:Star One and Star Two, they're just saying that SDS doesn't work, right?
text:It's early for them to learn.	labels:The outsiders learn earlier, directly like our age in the new three years, right.
text:As in the third grade, as in the second grade, they're going to go to some of these, they're going to go to the second grade, they're going to go to the second grade, they're going to go to the second grade, they're going to go to the second grade, they're going to go to the second grade, they're going to go to the second grade, they're going to go to the second grade, they're going to go to the second grade, they're going to the second grade, they're going to go to the third grade, they're going to the second grade, they're going to go to the second grade, they're going to the second grade, they're going to go to the second grade, they's second grade, they's going to the second grade.	labels:Where do you read it?
text:We'll be here for the summer, so he'll be quick to back him up with a back sheet like that, so he won't say he won't be able to keep up with it or not, so here's the thing.	labels:You've got some of that in the voice-marking class, haven't you?
text:On one side of us.	labels:Then, as we went to the New East, she said the money was either frozen or frozen. What did he say? They didn't study until fourth grade, third grade summer.
text:Third grade and they're late from the third grade are parallels to the school. Yes, because we said that one of our goals was to train our children to learn six months to one year earlier, and that it might be better for the kid, and your children would learn with these kids in a different atmosphere.	labels:Yeah, his wife wanted my book at the time.I don't think so.Okay, it's like I'm going to learn a new concept in May. I know. Right, it's 12,000.
text:Right, how many lessons is a 12,000-year term? It's the equivalent of a 44-week term, which is the equivalent of less than a year and a year.I don't think so.It's like a year. Eleven months for a year, so it's the whole SDS, it's 40 weeks, it's four weeks less, so it's not much less.	labels:Yeah, well, it came out on or about October 31st, end of October. I know what you're saying. Well, now it's four kids. Right. What school are these four kids?
text:Two of Ming Ju's, and I don't know much about it. I'm probably going to flip one of your tails. No, thank you. Thank you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hi.	labels:That's why I'm here.
text:I hope you really appreciate it. You breathe every single one of them.	labels:Every one of China's faces needs to be opposite, and I'm sure I'll still love you.
text:Mr. Gu, uh-huh.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Miss Lee. Hi, I'm here to answer in your foreign language for two minutes. Can I call you back? I don't need it at the moment?I don't think so.Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hi, Mom. I'm Ulrich's teacher-in-law. Remember, when you said you'd take him out for a trip, but you didn't have a lesson for him.	labels:No arrangements have yet been made.
text:Not yet.I don't think so.Because the last time Mr. Chen asked when he'd come to class and wanted to see him again, what was your plan?	labels:I don't know when you'll start in the fall.
text:We all have one in the autumn class, that is, because Mr. Chen told me last time, he said there would be no problem if it was a break-in.	labels:I'd like to ask if this morning's class is there? What day is it?
text:Sunday morning, huh? Wait a minute in the morning. Let me see if you say 9-11.30. All right?	labels:Yeah, Sunday.
text:There is a Sunday, but it's a little harder if it's on you now. He can follow you on a new shift, right?	labels:When did he start his new shift?
text:You say it's a new shift? Yeah, I'll see if I can start today by October. Just a moment, because it's all Saturday.	labels:And Sunday, because he has afternoons to go to school, you have all.I don't think so.Because I just want him to take a break on Saturday this afternoon.
text:There is on Sundays.	labels:Classes go to work until Sunday.
text:Some Sundays, we start at 9:00-11.30 after Golden Week in October.	labels:This is a new concept.
text:One.	labels:Right?
text:Yes, because you've been in grammar since the last time, we've given some of the syntax points of knowledge that are all about a new concept, and then we've got a new concept here. If you look at this book, it might be relatively simple in the first 20 sessions, and we'll say, in general, that we're going to have some syntax points starting with 20-20, that is, we're going to do it now, or it's going to be the future.I don't think so.Well, let's think about it, which means that our side, if you start from the beginning, is an increase in self-confidence for him, because I've been in this class from the beginning, and I'm 20 grams short.I don't think so.If you're in this class, it's a month away, so you can come back to this class, and the time is always the same.	labels:October's class starts in October, right? That's right.
text:It's after Golden Week.	labels:Okay, you take this class and I'll take it. You have my message.
text:Yes, I'll send you a message. Okay, I'll send it to you. Okay.	labels:Chief Wu, I'm thinking because I'm going to pick up my little friend now. You can send me a message. I'm going to contact him.
text:Okay. All right. Okay, bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I can't see you here. Hello, I'm another teacher. Do you have a new concept for consulting English? Yes, you do. What's the concept?	labels:I'd like to ask you what time frame you're talking about right now?
text:Are you going to start with the first class?	labels:Yeah, or one of your classes just started.
text:Have you ever had sex before?	labels:You mean the new concept, huh? No.
text:What grade is your kid in?	labels:We're in second grade now, but we've been learning English and, uh, the English base can still be.
text:What class have you studied in English before?	labels:You've learned it before? Lenin's Speak English, 22 has already finished it, and he's also been in the Shanghai English competition, and he's won a prize. And now he's learned it.
text:It's okay to speak English. But what about your vocabulary, if you listen to these promises? I'm sure your abilities should be OK. The same age group should be better, but I'm worried about a vocabulary.	labels:Vocabulary, isn't it?I don't think so.That's what the vocabulary says, because he's in second grade, and their school is in Langese, and that's the book welcome to English wt, and that's because he's got how many, and I'm supposed to be in second to third grade, because I took him to a test test a while ago, because I'm sure you'll have a test for him here, right?I don't think so.Yes, but we have a clear goal because we're here, and I'm not going to my other courses, and I'm going to go to a new concept, and I'm going to start with what I'm going to say.I don't think so.Yes, because the other courses were also in the words of Mrs. S.A., who was told yesterday, or something like that, of a more original version of the material, because it was time to take into account the fact that a new page had been added to the curriculum, yes, the goal was still quite clear.
text:I know what you mean.I don't think so.What level did you learn at your school?	labels:What's not to be ashamed of the teacher, and he just forgot to say it, and he just said, "Ppte of course," which doesn't mean the vocabulary, that PPT passed the second level, and then it was good.
text:That's the second level, right? Didn't your school learn the English?I don't think so.Your school is 2a, isn't it? Yeah.	labels:Because it's second grade, so it's second.
text:a Yes, you can either come here on Saturday and try it directly.	labels:When's 3:30?
text:Can you do this? 3:30-6:00. We have a new first class, yes.	labels:This long, 3:30 to 6:30, two and a half hours?
text:Yeah, you try and listen to what we do in an hour and a half.	labels:All right, all right. I'll be right over this time, right?
text:That's the time frame, and if you say you're up there feeling like it's OK, or you're up for the rest of the time, you're up for this class.I don't think so.Because the new class is the first class.	labels:Here's the teacher. I'd like to ask you about this class. What you're saying here is that one class has the highest number of kids? Ten.
text:To learn a new concept is to learn all religions.	labels:Where's the teacher? He's a full-time teacher here.
text:All the teachers used here are their own full-time teachers.	labels:Okay, I know what you're charging for here, for example, how much is my new concept for a few lessons?
text:The new concept one is 44 classes, and this is about 11 months, which is the end of his two semesters, if we start now, on the August summer vacation next year.	labels:There's class on the summer holidays.
text:Yes, but we'll all be in it for the normal holidays of the summer. For the ones released, like the New Year, it's not possible for you to come to class. So the normal cycle is your summer vacation up to August. Next summer, you pay two and a half hours each time, you rest 10-15 minutes in the middle, once a week, and the total cost is 12,000.	labels:That's 12,000, right?
text:That's right, because we're going to include Eliki, and you're going to have a school? Elec, it's an online job, it's an online learning platform, and all books are covered by 12,000, so we're going to average the cost of your teaching materials, and we're going to spend an hour on a full-time basis, that's 90 dollars or so.	labels:That's right. Is there nothing to discuss at this price?
text:Your single word is 12,000. There's nothing else, because all the registrations in Aung San Suu Kyi are like this, but there's one way, because you're aiming for the next, so you're going to have to learn the new two after you, right?I don't think so.So you can choose the new one and the new two.I don't think so.And there's this, and then there's this kind of learning card, and the cell phone card's gonna give you some money, like you're saving 30,000 for you, and now we're sending 50, 30 grand for 5,000 during the event, and you're charging 30,000 for 35,000 kandam.	labels:For example, I'm charging 30,000 now and 35,000, and I'm talking about a new concept and I'm taking 12,000 off.
text:That's what that means.I don't think so.And then there's 30,000 less your current 12,000, and there's 23,000 left, plus the 5,000 and 28,000 you can use.	labels:How much do you charge for Monday and Tuesday? 28,000. The new two are 28,000, which means you're two.
text:The new two is 16,000, the new two is longer than the new one, which takes a year and a half, and the new one is 11 months. The cost is similar.	labels:Not single lessons, which means you're full of stars or stars or stars or two, but the money is the same and there's no discount.
text:There's no money to give, and I'm telling you this card is the most cost-effective one for you, because he's sending more money, and now you've got a new one during the campaign, and it's 500 bucks less.	labels:Ah, yes, and then I'd like to ask you if half of your teachers will change teachers? No.
text:It's the new teacher's.	labels:That's Saturday, 'cause I'm pretty good at the time. How's the old teacher doing?
text:The teacher is now Mr. Lin, and this teacher is very good, and he himself is an external undergraduate, followed by the University of Lecaste in the United Kingdom, which has no idea if you've ever heard of it. It is, in fact, in fact, at some of the leading English schools, with Jie and Liverpool, where the overall ranking should be around 12.	labels:So what's the specialty?
text:He's British. I'll tell you about it, because it's all in detail.	labels:That's what he's been teaching you, Leoni. How long has he been teaching you?
text:That's what he's going to say on his side, because, on his side, we're at the main school and the main school. We're here at the main school in Pudong. The main school here in Pudong is asking you to be at least three years old before you can attend our main school in Pudong.I don't think so.And then this teacher is an English language and literature graduate, an English language graduate, and an English language and literature counterpart, just like our Chinese language and literature.	labels:That's right. That's what he said about you guys.
text:More than three years.I don't think so.You won't be here until three years ago.	labels:Okay, I get it. I'll remember the time. Excuse me, it's 3:30, isn't it?
text:3:30-6:00. Here's the slot, and then you try an hour and a half.	labels:If I'm listening to you, I'll be out at 3:30.
text:Right.	labels:Feel the kids in this class now.
text:It's four now.	labels:That's right. That's probably going to happen.
text:But not more than 10.	labels:Well, there's another question I'd like to ask, because you're not very familiar with the way you call classrooms, the way you teach classes like classrooms, the way your chairs are lined up, or the way some institutions might be surrounded.
text:If we're like a new concept one, we're in a row, right.	labels:Okay, thank you. If that's the case, what's your last name? I'll see you then?
text:Come look for you then.	labels:I'll be fine, right? Sanjoo-sensei. Thank you. Thank you for looking at that address. It's in the low-food distillery.
text:Next to the first regular food, there's a McDonald's down there, and there's McDonald's on the first floor.	labels:The common food's right next to it.
text:Yeah, well, thank you, so I'll send you a detailed address here, and then I'll send you the time for the audition, and then you can bring the kids, okay? You come here five minutes in advance, I'll get you some material. Okay, thanks.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Buh. Hello, Ducinghouse's mom? Hi, I'm another w teacher. This is to inform you of a new concept that has been reported here, and class starts on Sunday. Right, and then, in that case, we have a little friend who goes to another class and goes up to 3:30, and then he's gonna need a little time.I don't think so.So we've got the microbots, we'll pull you in, and then we'll have some homework in the group, okay, and ask how many people we've got in the radius. Now it's three little friends, okay? All right, all three? Two third graders, fourth grade. Two third graders, one fourth grade.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Your call is on the phone. Please call later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:In one way, like the way we took it directly, you see what we just did, because they're just Xiyang, Xiyang, Xiyang, Xiyang, Xiyang, I think it might be easy for us 90 libaniya and my blood to live in one night.I don't think so.Who?	episode_done:True
text:How do you do? Angry education, isn't it?	labels:Yeah, what's wrong with you?
text:So, I called and I wanted to consult, and we're in the first grade, because he hasn't taken a class like English.	labels:What class have you studied before?
text:We've read Disney before, we've been there for two years, and we've always had some kind of English in other educational institutions.	labels:Have you been here before?
text:Never been here before.	labels:I was familiar with the sound, and I thought it was Mr. Liu who was also a first-year student.
text:I didn't, I was the first.	labels:What school is he at now? He's in Foshan.I don't think so.Uh, Fukuyama? You know, maybe what I'm suggesting is that there are two, Harvard, Sbs, but let the kid do a test, because after all, I'm not quite sure about the situation of your kid.
text:Is there a ready-made shift or is there a break-in?	labels:The new class will not be discontinued.
text:It's time to get out of work.	labels:Should be two.
text:It's been two weeks, isn't it?I don't think so.Look when I come over for the test.	labels:You'll see when it's convenient.
text:Are you guys at night or what?	labels:We have it on Saturdays and then the usual.
text:The children usually go to school on the sixth week of the week, right after they go to school.	labels:That's fine. What do I call you, uh, sir?I don't think so.Isn't that right, Mr. Zhang? You can find some on Saturday, October 17, if we have a 1:30-2.30 lecture in English at the primary school.
text:Lectures in English.	labels:You can do this. You're about 40 minutes early. I'll give you a test first.
text:You're all gonna have to take a test to get to know each other.	labels:Yeah. I'll give you a test, then I'll take a look at the level of your children, and I'll recommend a corresponding course and time for you, and then you'll listen to what it's like in primary school, and what's more appropriate, because most of the students are first graders and second graders, and they'll come and see, and they'll understand, because after all, you're a little bridging.
text:Yes, because I've had a new Easter in front of me, but I think they're some kind of super-popular English, and I think they look like them.	labels:I know it's a course that guides English.
text:That's what interests are, that's the basis for a few years.	labels:That's exactly what happened to Disney.
text:For us, and for us, we've had peer education, and then we've found out that we all have a lesson in it.	labels:That is true of what you are saying now, which is guided by what should be tried, and which is slowly introduced as an expression of interest and what should be tried, but there is something to be tried before you are able to make a transition when you reach the second year, second year, third grade.
text:Like these simple sentences, many of them have to remember.I don't think so.This simple for us he is.	labels:Can you write it? Can he spell it? Like a purple thing like a purple or something he can read it, but will it spell it out? Like I ng, some of his people can write.
text:Some can write.	labels:It's not a problem to say that he wrote it, but maybe it's a little slow, so it's a few words, but it's not all written, is it?I don't think so.I'm sure you'd know him, wouldn't you?
text:He can read it all right.	labels:If that's all right with Ok, I'll either have a Harvard class that's better for him, because I've been talking about 60th graders who go to Harvard in the last two days.
text:It's like we're reading Lang.	labels:Just sbs, right? C's set, right?I don't think so.Look.
text:BS means Man.	labels:Not to say it's in Lang, but they say it's supposed to be the sbs.
text:It's usually just reading the sbs before reading the new concepts or something.	labels:Right.
text:You all have one here, don't you? That's right.	labels:Because the word sbs divides children, like first-year kids who can read, they can't read, he does. Harvard is easier than sbs, but Harvard reads 2a+2b, and if it's better, read 2b.I don't think so.Yeah, because it's a year's study, and then some kids, if they're not so good after 2b, go back to the Sbs transition, that's what it looks like.
text:Because then bring it.	labels:You're right to go out because every school has a different level of children and a different capacity, like South Businesstown, and I don't know if you know that students there can take a new generation without reading the second b of Sbs' direct Harvard, but the upper south side may have a slightly weaker level of children.I don't think so.Yeah, he's got two-b kids who have to read a sbs, or they can't get it, right?
text:Well, you look at me this Saturday.	labels:Why don't you come early? Yeah, you finish lunch at 1 or 12.
text:I'll be here around 12:30.	labels:Yes, sir. Is this your cell number? 18017895292.
text:Good for my last name, Cho.	labels:My name is Lee. I'll send you my address and contact details later.
text:Okay, I'll be right over here and you'll have a lecture after 1:30.	labels:That's right, so I mean you don't come here twice, and then you figure it all out once. Then you can make a plan in primary school, because it's been a long time.
text:And we're actually in English all the time.	labels:Yeah, well, why don't we talk about this later? Good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:I didn't just say that, and then we're good, and then I want to ask you how you are.	labels:It's Sun Jozuki's parents. This is Angry speaking. You're right. Let me ask you how the kid got his final exam.
text:He didn't go to the exam yet.	labels:Why don't you take the exam? Oh, I asked you probably not.
text:Over.	labels:That's right, isn't it?
text:And he's only got a third of his class, and he says one third he can't.	labels:I'm not going to take the exam this time? That's good, because we've been counting the results recently. Okay, that'll bother you. Good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:It's in the painting.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hi, Mrs. Yao? Hi, I'm a teacher at the University of Aglican Language. I'll let you know that the Harvard IIa class is starting on Sunday.	labels:It's Sunday, not Saturday.
text:It's Sunday morning from 9 a.m. to 11.30 a.m.	labels:Right, not Saturday.I don't think so.Was.
text:It's set for Sunday.	labels:Okay, what time is Sunday morning, 9:00 to 11.30? Morning, right?I don't think so.Yeah, 9 to 11.
text:Then I just added a message to you, and then we have a microblogging group, and the teacher sends everything in the group every time he does his homework. Add me here. May I take you to the group?	labels:Okay, I got it. Okay. Anything else I can bring you?
text:We'll send out our children's books the other day, and you'll bring them some stationery, pencils like a skin or something, and you'll have to bring them a glass of water, and nothing else.	labels:If we're resting, can our parents go away or what, or do we have to keep it all?
text:Well, if we stay here, we have parents who can rest in it, and if we don't stay here, it's okay, because there's only one little friend who can't get out of the exit, so you can wait for the kids to pick him up when they're out of school.	labels:I'll decide what to do when I tell him.
text:Don't worry about it. You'll give me a hand with mine. Bye bye bye bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:The number you dialed is not alone.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. The number you're calling is an out-of-town number.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Miss Chow. Hello, I'm here to call you from the University of Pilgrim Language. Okay, I've been busy. Can I call you because my phone's running out of power? Okay, okay.I don't think so.Okay.I don't think so.Okay, thank you. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:It's Jang Jing-sung's parents. Yes, I'm another teacher. Did you take the final exam this year?
text:We've already finished the written exam.	labels:Right? That's right, last year. Did you take the exam this year?
text:We still have a few lessons left.	labels:A few lessons of the oral test, right? Yeah.
text:Just as I'm going to call Ally's, do you mean what he said about dads? We didn't have a few classes. We'd like to make up for it.	labels:Are you going to take the exam this year or next spring?
text:Our main intention is to take the exam this spring next year. What month is it?	labels:This year's test is November.
text:November. Next year's March. April.	labels:Look at the time of your exam. It's January this year.
text:It's not too late.	labels:There's an intensive class before we take the exam in October, and you can either go to an intensive class.
text:Let's do it by March until next year.	labels:Next year's exam will take your bad class next year, and you'll just have to fill in the bride's class once a week, starting with the class in December.
text:February or August 8th? You said you were here at the food store? Okay, can I arrange it?	labels:We only have one class once a week in our middle class.
text:A class started in October.	labels:Started on December 5.
text:December 5th is fine.	labels:If you're going to this class, you can talk to your class director. You'll see if you're sure you want this class.
text:He's Wu Xiaozuki, he's home. He asked me to call myself.	labels:Yeah, you can do that. You're at 6:30-9 a.m. Saturday. Can you do that?
text:Saturday at 6.30-9. 9 p.m., huh?	labels:Right.
text:We should be able to do it again by then.I don't think so.Anyway, we don't have a few classes to fill, okay?	labels:You'll probably be there if it's the rest of the class.
text:We're like the first class, and there's the rest.	labels:Isn't that right?
text:Yeah, the first class didn't go, and the last one.	labels:If you come here on the 5th of December, you'll be here by the time you get to class. I'll call, and I'll be back by that day. Okay?
text:Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:What's wrong with this? It's softer, he's more comfortable, because if you have nerves, what's behind him, he's two logics, and then I can tell you, is it Lee Shenbin's account? Wrong number.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:The number you dialed is down.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Liu Wei Woo. Hello.	labels:Let me ask, were we supposed to have a lower concept after the start of the autumn and fall? It was Sunday. When did we start?
text:Sunday, right? Right. What's the name of my little friend? Good day, Du Chun. Do Chun-ho.	labels:Because we were supposed to be on Sunday, because that was the last gift from Sunday's class.
text:Next.	labels:It's next week, isn't it? Sunday. 1213, isn't it?
text:Yeah, next Sunday at 3.30 p.m. to 6 p.m., you'll call. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hi, it's the model mom. I'm here with Mr. Ally. I'm asking how many points he's got for this year's written exam? 176.5? Then can you tell me about every single one of them? Okay.	labels:The figure is 76.5.
text:Wait a minute. The hearing is 76.5, good 32.	labels:Then China welcomes 11 30 30s, and I don't know which one to use.
text:Okay, just two together, and I'd like to ask him if he can get a high score on our side. Would you?I don't think so.Some parents may be private, some parents don't want to, so let me ask you if it's not easy for you to get to the top.	labels:We're in the middle of a trial.
text:You know what? Well, if you need anything on your side, you can contact us later, okay?	labels:For now, if that's the case, you take the test.
text:In fact, it's possible to try a test at more than 180 points if it's normal. It's a good one, but if you can do it, you can try it yourself.I don't think so.Because of your own words, there are four chances that you'll have to pass the next exam? And don't waste it.	labels:And what's the direction of environmental financial services. Good company for us.
text:But don't waste a chance because he's taking the test himself. Yeah, because if you don't, he's a loser.	labels:Not that I just know how he thinks about me.
text:You can see this, too, because we have a second-stage test and a second-stage summit.	labels:Take this job and take a look at how long it is.
text:I'm just giving you a suggestion that you can weigh it on your own, because some parents, with this attitude, say that I've had this opportunity, and I'll go see what's going on. If you don't want to do it, you can go to a class class in December of this year, and then go to a class in May of next year, because some parents want to spell it out and take classes in this year's intensive class.	labels:Yeah, and if so, what do you want?
text:Yes, in the course of the intensive exam class, we're going to be in class this week. This is four classes, 12 hours in total, and 3,000 dollars. You can also go to the intensive class, and you can think that you're not very sure about what you've passed this time. You can go to a summit or a model, and then you can try the exam, and you can see your own plan. Thank you, good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm. Hello. Your call is on the phone.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, different language. Hello.	labels:You've got education on your side, right? I'd like to ask you if you're middle-level now.
text:Interpreter's class.	labels:When do some of them start?I don't think so.If I want to do it next March.
text:You're going to come to class next March, because we just started last week, and last week you're going to go to the reading section, because this class is rolling, and you can read the first class to help you, and you can cut the time, which means one more time when the last hearing is over.	labels:Let me ask you, how many people are in this class?
text:Our class is usually just like 5 or 6 or 7 kids.	labels:My little friend's old age.
text:If you're toxic to adults, do you have adult classes? We don't open adult classes, we're all kids, we're junior high school students.	labels:You're all kids here, aren't you? I know.
text:Thanks, bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mama Lee. Hi. I'm Miss Yue. I'm sorry I didn't see you send it, but I didn't come to class today.	labels:Right.
text:And tomorrow you'll see if it's morning? Because tomorrow we'll have a bus, but it'll start at the end of the day, and it'll be around 7375 grams.	labels:It's too late for that. Uh-huh. What time's the morning shift?
text:It's been about 70 minutes since 9:30.	labels:That's a little too much.
text:Yeah, I'd like to ask, because you didn't come to class the last time. Is that from next week or will you be able to continue with your class?	labels:Teacher Zhang's course will certainly be taken, but he will be able to make up for it before, and it will be best to supply it once, and it will be possible to make up for it.
text:If he could, he'd say he'd be the best in the class if he wanted to.I don't think so.If you're making progress, you're telling me I've got a minute on Friday.I don't think so.For example, he's over 3:00 after school.	labels:Three o'clock to a few more points.
text:Let me see.I don't think so.Up to 5:53:30 and up to 5:30.	labels:At 3:30, they may not be able to make it.
text:That's all you have to do, that's if he goes up to 5:45 after this class? 12:12, okay? That's 12:30 to 3 p.m. every Sunday.	labels:I know, I should.
text:Is that okay?	labels:It's next week, isn't it?
text:I'll take a look at what class he's in. Hold on a second. I remember it was 50.	labels:It's okay to get there, because it's too dense, and he's going to have to finish his 3:30 class, so it's too dense, and I just want to know if there's a class tomorrow, and if there's a good one tomorrow, I'll go tomorrow.
text:Not tomorrow, for the time being, because tomorrow's word is just to say that we have a new concept in the morning, that we have a new concept in the afternoon, but the lessons without a new concept are over, and we are about to start a new class, so today's new concept is over.	labels:Why don't I see it next Friday at 3:30?I don't think so.It's the last few lessons I'll take a look at.
text:Now Sun-hee's at 3:30.	labels:What class was it again?
text:That's 58 graded right here. 60-64, that's right. You're about 60 grams. That's 60 grams before.	labels:About 60 grams, huh? Right.
text:Next week, 68 classes will begin.	labels:There is no need for 68 courses, because he started 68 in our teacher's class as well.
text:Isn't that right?	labels:Is it possible to make it up for free after that?
text:What do you mean, Mr. Cheung? Did he make it up after class or what?	labels:I don't know if you guys have any of this stuff.
text:No, because it's for the time being, you see, because it's not very much associated with each class, it's a separate course, it's a new concept, because you're here all the time?I don't think so.On Sundays, and then Saturdays, if you have time, and if we start a new shift on Saturdays, and then we'll be there, will you come and make up for it?	labels:Okay, that's it, because there's really no place to move.
text:Then we'll say, for example, Saturday afternoon, you'll be okay? This time.	labels:Saturday afternoon, yes.
text:When you see it, it's almost two months away, so you can ask again. All right, let me know. Okay.	labels:Okay.
text:Thanks. It's okay. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Electronic factory, huh? Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Thank you, teacher.	labels:How do you do, Mr. Qi? I'm a foreign language teacher. I'm Wang. Can you talk now? Say it.I don't think so.Well, you've consulted your children in English before, right? Yes. What grade are your children in?I don't think so.Have you ever been to English before the middle class? Okay, now you want him to go to an Enlightenment class as an English class. Is there some kind of contact? Or am I saying that what I'm saying is primarily about him, maybe it's an English Enlightenment class?I don't think so.Yes, because what we say here is about a child ' s age group like this and a previous training experience, maybe he's going to start with Harvard for a kid. Yes, this is a curriculum that combines religious and foreign teaching, is focused on hearing and speaking, helps the child to improve his or her learning in English, and increases the child ' s vocabulary and lays the foundation for later learning.I don't think so.And the other thing is, uh, to make sure that if it's convenient, you can bring your kids here for this kind of admission test, see how much of a vocabulary a child is and how much English has heard about it.
text:But it's really not convenient. I still want to play.	labels:Also, you didn't consult this course? Did you plan to come over and find out about it before, or what? No. No. No? That's true. We have a lecture for the children's class on Saturday, so if you want some information, you can come over and see the kids on Saturday.
text:Saturday's not available.	labels:Right? Well, if you'll excuse me, I'll be in touch if you need me. Bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm-hmm.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Right? 1835. Uncle Wu Xiaoqing. Did you have a blue reading yesterday with the newspaper Ho Xiaoqing, and did you write about it?	labels:I didn't find the Big Carpen, so I didn't write it. I didn't find it because I asked them to find it for me yesterday, and I didn't write it.
text:I found him in more than July of 14 years, and there was one in July, and the final record was that he was charged 30,000 and presented a new concept, not a new one.	labels:Yeah, it's in the summer.
text:They used one of the two sisters, he was on July 14th, and then he was on April 11th, 2015, and then he was charged with 30,000, and the last record is gone, and I guess your name is gone.	labels:You can just fill out a sum for me on my list now, because I've confirmed it to him.
text:However, the balance was not right and the balance in the system was not right.	labels:It's more or less.I don't think so.And then there was this one, which Zhao Wisdom helped him with, and he read a star two for the first time before, but he didn't finish it, and then he transferred the money, and I don't know if it was written or not written on the computer.
text:No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.	labels:No, he also read it in the paper. He read it a few times as if I remember taking 17 or 16 classes, which was the type of class at the time.
text:Didn't write. Are you working tomorrow?	labels:I'll talk to you tomorrow, okay?
text:Why don't you write it over and over tomorrow? Write it up and give it to me, okay?	labels:Okay, you're gonna help me watch.
text:I'll put it on top of your table.I don't think so.You come by tomorrow, you're right after that, and then I think you're gonna write another piece of paper because he's finished this piece of paper.	labels:Because I was this student, and I took over, and I didn't know how to write it.
text:Didn't you match his carpen balance? His balance was 33480 + 5000? But its balance was 35225 + 5000.	labels:That's over 1,000 bucks more.
text:Yeah, so you're not saying there's a star two back, and you're gonna write me a signal on which class number.	labels:But Starbucks was a long time ago, before I came, and I was only on his little cabbage, and he transferred the rest of the shift order to the little cabbage, and I saw it, but I didn't know what the correct number was, and I can't remember it.I don't think so.That's what it's all about, my 28 bucks, 828 still.
text:You can only push backwards, say he's already 33480+5,000.	labels:I don't have a math brain. You're driving me crazy.
text:You're telling me you saw a small list of more than 1,000 dollars, right?	labels:Starbucks, I'll think about it later.I don't think so.It's Star-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I-I'm sorry.
text:It wasn't a star or a star or a star.	labels:Yes, because one of his stars had a dozen lessons, but I didn't know who was running it, not writing about that extension or something, and I filled him in a forwarding note.
text:No, you're sure now that you're 33480+5,000 the same as his cabbage.	labels:Right? Right.
text:Okay, I got it.	labels:Then there's one more possibility that he'll have a little more, because I didn't tell you about Shinichi's shift order, he took a dozen classes, and the rest of the money wasn't included in the card.
text:I can't see him until I see Carpen.	labels:He's supposed to be here this week. We'll see.
text:Okay.	labels:I'll come straight to you.
text:He's doing it.	labels:I think it's supposed to be Friday or Sunday, because his little daughter has classes on Sundays, her older daughter has classes on Sundays, and the little girl should report to her.
text:Listen to me. What's his name? Has Zhang Yi-sung come by yet?	labels:I told you nobody's seen him.
text:Not even the kids.	labels:It's not the kids. I haven't even seen his parents. Okay, I'm going to sit down.
text:It's good to sit down, so good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Okay, bye.I don't think so.Hello, Van Calvin's mom? Well, I put a button on him, so you can keep it a secret when you're a friend's teacher, right? We just started school on Saturdays and Saturdays.I don't think so.Yeah, well, let's get to work on Araked. My QQ micro-message has just made a micro-letter every Friday. Did I get it in my mouth like feed? 540th of it.I don't think so.Well, I didn't just do it. I mean, I mean, I'm gonna have to do it. I'm gonna have to do it when I forget what I'm doing.I don't think so.You were either in the library or in the vault at the time of the micro-mail. My mother-of-a-bitch was there to make up for it. The main micro-blogging thought you'd feed me this pen.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hi, Mom Pan, I'm Mr. Chang Aung Li. You're right. I'd like to ask you guys to be sure now, because the class starts this week on Friday night. I'm sorry for the first time.	labels:Time's still not working. He says he's tired and he doesn't want to go.
text:It's too tired on Friday night. It's for us on Saturdays.	labels:The point is that we have plenty of time.
text:Not at all on Saturdays, yes. I usually do that at night, because I asked you before.	labels:And one to four. For what is it? And he refuses to go to work, nor does he usually do his homework, and your treasures are so great that I cannot rest on Saturdays.
text:But this is the case with kids, many of whom, like you, are out there reading new concepts, many of whom are already reading new concepts when you reach the second grade in the first grade. If you don't, it may be because what you teach in school is simple, and the difference may not be great, but if you don't, the difference between what you do in the fourth and fifth grade, and what you do in the second grade, including when you get younger, will surely be bigger.I don't think so.It's for sure, because you're asking the kids that they don't want to read, because they're forced by their parents, but there's no way to read them now.	labels:For what I want to wait, either he won't learn, or because we don't have a Sunday, we don't have much to teach. After this class, we'll go to Sunday, right?
text:On Sunday, we also have classes to attend, and in October, we will start on the right date.	labels:It's stopped. Maybe there's a few more lessons left.
text:Are you guys probably in the last few months, too?	labels:It's also a one-time service.
text:I'll take a look at it once a week.	labels:Even if I didn't ask you at all, it's like Jack's 18 in total.
text:18 lessons, what time is Sunday?	labels:If that's Sunday, we say there's time in the morning.
text:As you may see, this time of Sunday morning is not yet full, but if you wish to report it, come and report it as soon as possible, because our classes are 10 full-time and 10 full-time.	labels:Right.
text:On the 18th of October, our class will begin on the 18th of October, and then just because it's just September, because it's just starting to give the kids a buffer and it's just as good as it starts in October.	labels:Well, let him go back to school when it's over.
text:Well, I'll call you here before class starts. OK, I'll leave you one. If it's full by then, I'll let you know. Okay, that's it. Okay.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Liu Wanwoo.	labels:Hi, I'd like to ask you, which means we didn't pay much, but we're not studying on your side now.
text:When is it?	labels:But it's not a written test, it's an oral test, right? Because it's a written test, it's a few classes, it's almost a naked test, it's back, it's back, it's back, it's back.
text:What's your kid's name?	labels:Xu Min Xu.
text:Did you take the exam this year?	labels:Yeah, but I'd like to ask if there's any catch-up classes he hasn't had recently because he didn't speak for the first time.
text:There are intensive classes.	labels:When did it start?
text:Saturday.	labels:What time is Saturday?
text:8:30 to 11.30 a.m.	labels:There's a new one this week.
text:Sunday.	labels:We've been taking classes all day.
text:It's only a week, right? Yeah, you can either skip the first class or not.	labels:And then I had classes, chemistry, no Saturday mornings. Yeah, Saturday morning, I had a chemistry class at 10:10.
text:That's what you need. You've tried it before. Did you report it before the oral test? Did you read it before the class?	labels:That's what I've read before, but that's the kind of slow shift that's been read once a week.
text:It's not a pre-test enhancement, is it?I don't think so.There'll be another break before the exam, and you'll either take the break.	labels:I've given up on a cold vacation once, four chances in total. If this is the only chance I've had, because I've been naked for the first time, and I haven't done it since, and I'm sure I can't be sure, so I don't.
text:You see, it's called "enhanced classes" four times, and you see if you can change the other classes a little bit, that's four times, because you're going to take the exam in November.	labels:But we've had two intensive classes in that class, and the last time we did it, it didn't work out.I don't think so.He doesn't think it's worth it. You're gonna charge 700,750, right?
text:750.	labels:I don't remember how much it cost you to step up class four once? 3000 or 750.
text:You said that once, didn't you? Yeah.	labels:If it's worth it, he thinks you're charging so much, it's just making me say something that doesn't mean anything.
text:What year are you in the third grade?	labels:I'm busy because I'm busy, yeah.
text:If you don't have time for this test twice, it's the third time. Next spring is the last time.	labels:This is the third time I've come back and asked if you could check out how much money we have in our accounts.
text:Can you give me your name?I don't think so.Double Xu.	labels:Which one is the last one, the next one.
text:Which aunt.	labels:Pleasant Episode.
text:You're supposed to have a postponement, aren't you?	labels:What I'm talking about is reading a written test, which means that he didn't pass a few classes without taking a naked exam. He doesn't pay too much, doesn't he? Then he reads spoken language, because the oral classes are short, and the money doesn't go away.
text:Yeah, there's supposed to be more than 4,000. I'll check it out now.	labels:Yeah, it's like there's more than 4,000 on that list, so I thought if I didn't read it, that's more than 4,000.
text:You can study other courses, but you can't quit, because this is a written test, and if you report it at the time, then you don't have a class, you can quit.I don't think so.But now.	labels:I'm not saying I have to back this up. I know, I mean, I want to read it. Is that what I'm talking about? Is that what I'm talking about? You say it's okay for me to spend 3,000, and he's worth it, right?
text:He's not just going to say something, he's going to say something about some pre-testing skills. He's going to say something about some process teachers.	labels:Because we made him try two previous clients, because I told you that, if I had said yes, because the first oral lesson would not normally have been, at least because it was the right one, so I asked him to let you help him in that class, just because he asked you to help him with the last one, but he said that he didn't have much to do with it at least the first two times.
text:Just don't listen.	labels:Listen to the word back or something. That's what he said.
text:Is that right?I don't think so.Do you remember which teacher was carrying it? It shouldn't be like this, or the first time it was the accumulation of that word, which is normal.	labels:Not sure what you mean.I don't think so.If you want to open it, start this week, right?
text:There are two classes on Saturdays, and you have one.	labels:I can't do Sundays, I can't do Saturdays.I don't think so.Not if I miss these two, right?
text:More than twice, there's another kind of slow shift you've had before, and we're starting on the 5th of December.	labels:There's one more. I think he'll take the test himself.
text:Yeah, no.	labels:I mean, isn't this a test? It's been a long time.
text:No, you're one-on-one.	labels:Only hardened classes, right? Yeah.
text:It's either one-on-one or one-on-one.	labels:I'm not going to be able to take my first class right now.
text:You can, or you won't be empty, and you won't be paid three times. Right, because you have more to pay, right?	labels:I'll have a little more of this over there.
text:That's exactly three times, if you're interested in changing.	labels:This has been added four times to the rest of the world, and I have recovered elsewhere.
text:You know how to pay for it? You're gonna be fine. You're not gonna get paid for it, are you?	labels:It wasn't us who took it. He passed it. What are you waiting for?
text:So tell yourself, where did you come from? We have a manufacturing class here. You're not in Anyley, are you?	labels:No, it's a bit of a problem. I'll ask the teacher if I can. I'll call you. I'm sure I won't be able to take this week's class, because it's a time conflict.I don't think so.Right.
text:Now that you've signed up, you're going to do it. Yeah.	labels:Okay, I got it. I'll call you later and talk to the kids.
text:If you're sure you'll start next week, you'll call us this week, and we'll help you transfer your fees to class on Saturday.	labels:Okay? But what I'm trying to say is that if you don't get to know me again, you're not going to just back off the word.
text:There's gotta be one. Who else would be in the SAT class?	labels:I'm telling you, it's possible that he's in the first two classes, and he's coming back to me and telling me it's no big deal, not worth it, and he's saying it's not worth anything, so he's coming back like this, and I'm not going to do it, and I'm not going up there.
text:This may also be the case.	labels:There's another teacher.
text:The exam's intensified, isn't it?I don't think so.I don't know if Mr. Jian is out of line, because it's probably only two days before we can decide.	labels:Because I think you're expensive, and you're worth it, right? That's not funny, that's for sure, 'cause everyone's got the same mindset. Make sure the kids think you're high, you've got something that's different, and it's okay, right? I'll call you back. Okay.
text:Okay, thank you so much. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Right, Mother Wu? Yes, I've seen a total of 31 additions to our current text, 60 totals, that's 29 more. There's one in front of you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:It's not someone else who's taking me, who wants to ask me why? It's the baby. You say let go of it. I don't read it.I don't think so.Hello. This is the connectivity secretary.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Okay.I don't think so.Zero humanity programme,	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:And with Henri? I don't think we're having any trouble with your internationals.
text:I'm supposed to cover both four of them. I'm supposed to have them.	labels:The diaphragm box, if you have it or if you have it.
text:Latiniga a little Arani.I don't think so.I can't give you two 10-year days first to do this.	labels:Not at all.
text:It's like they're quarantined, and they're crying on their new backs.	labels:It's new next door. It's in there.
text:I'll give you two later. I'll write one on Friday.	labels:Thanks for Friday Saturday. Come by next Friday afternoon.
text:Half for me at the 40th minute.	labels:4th minute, 40th minute about your dad.
text:I do not mention on Saturday that there are not many places in which people live in the middle and the middle, and I do not mention there are few places in the land.	labels:Here's the map present.
text:Judy don't say the brother who but is CD blue door did on it.	labels:Or if I learned you guys, you don't have some people 17.
text:Yes, but the Ribarogs are already suffering.	labels:I'll just say it.
text:Soup's up, half a millimeter in the soup.	labels:What do you think about the minimum of 10 minutes? That's the question here. You know, if you don't get it from me in his living home, test it.
text:Pesticides can be found in pesticides because they are also painful, and they come to me to make mines. They belong to the Queen's Gang and listen to them.	labels:It's 1:30 p.m. to walk away. Put me in the kettle, for all kinds of light.
text:It's good to cry in two nights. Let's go for a walk.I don't think so.If I could, I'd say so.	labels:Good sbs got it.
text:Sbs Yang Xiaofan is in.	labels:Special team up. Okay.
text:I think I can thank you very much with my mom.I don't think so.The boss's two-and-a-half-year-olds don't know that they're close to the pawnshop. They're not pawnshops, they're Luvinton's.	labels:Lew, I'm through, too. This place.
text:Ruwenton came out of the pawnshop road.	labels:I'll only have 12 peyons.
text:That's my Petey, right? That's 50 of the 69 high roads in the light of October, right? The hand helps Lugo's old ground just down.	labels:Okay.
text:I said I couldn't say in the locals that we could complain about Rusilo, but in case we had one.	labels:Zhang Tianning's factory, Zhang Tianning's day after day, you are
text:Peace Ning? That's the Mandarin of Ming Ju primary school, Lizrad. Yeah. Dude, Luban, I'm from Guray, right? It's not CD 40:24.	labels:Houseman's there.
text:Dude, I'll do it for you in a minute. I'll send it to all the farm accounts at the farm agency. There's a CD. It's not good here. Okay?	labels:Well, I can, 'cause the domestic union Ruthie can only help me out.
text:I said I can't do it. Okay, so ask me again.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:My baby said I wanted to present, he did change 70 laboring coming then he says that one.	labels:Hello, Ms. Watson? Hello, I'll answer to the school teacher in English. Hello, you're the one who signed up for our sbs class. And I'd like to tell you that we're in this class this Saturday. I know it's 3:30-6. Yes, and then 5-10 minutes ahead of the first class. I'll send him the material.I don't think so.All right, as long as you have the stationery, you have the stationery, and then we'll have a microblogging pack here, and then I'll take you out of my mom's microblogging, and then I'll pull you in, and then I'll take the cell phone number. Okay, well, I'll add you later. Good-bye. I'll call you Gu. I'm the head of the class. Okay, so bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:I just thought I'd be able to come up here and dial a gold card in front of me, and I'll fix it for you in the first place, and I'll stay here, and I'll make sure Dad's here. Okay, thank you. We're 88 next year, right?I don't think so.Well, I'll either enter it again or I'll go in and see what he wants, and for that, and you cry like the last one that went to get a card, and you should just get 59, so we're at the intersection. Yeah, maybe 1:30 and I'll be busy. Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:The number you have dialed cannot be reached for the time being.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. The number you have dialed is empty. Please check.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:8th. How do you do?	labels:It's Mama Li. Hello. I'm Mr. Xiao, the teacher in Ulrich's class. Yes, I'd like to inform you that class is suspended once Saturday.I don't think so.It's because Mr. Luk's side, because they've had a hard summer class, and they haven't been resting for just two months, and then this week because he took a day off, and then we've got him off for a class. Okay, then next week, we'll pick up the teacher, okay? Thank you very much.	episode_done:True
text:Okay.I don't think so.Hello, Mr. Yu. Am I another teacher? Would you like to know if you still need a course on the new concept you were consulting about?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:The number you have dialed is on the phone. Please call later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:The number you have dialed is on the phone. Please call later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, I'm the head teacher of a large other school district, and here's the new concept, so as soon as you fill out your previous class on Saturday, you'll be informed, and here's what I've just added, so you'll agree, then we'll have a microblogging group, every assignment, and then I'll pull you into the class, and I'll talk to you about one more thing, which is that this class isn't going to end at 3:30 to 18:00, because Mr. Zhu said he's got a class at 1-686, so we'd like to keep it a little bit longer for him to eat or something.I don't think so.You can do that, right? The class will be fixed at 3:15 to 5:45.I don't think so.All right? Okay, you'll put me on a note later. Okay, that's it, bye-bye, bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Could you find Miss Wang Hainan for me, please?	labels:He hasn't come today.
text:He didn't come.	labels:He's supposed to be like 10:00.
text:I'd like to ask if you could check it out for me. We came by yesterday, but he was with me that time.	labels:You want him to have it in January? Did he recommend you to the second half of the sbs or the whole thing?
text:He's recommended under me, but I feel light reading down.	labels:What grade are you in? You're probably going to go to the bottom of the ss, because you're going to finish six months of work until next year's third grade.
text:What time is it six months ago?	labels:It's supposed to be right next year.
text:April is still the second grade in April.	labels:The third grade in September? It's normal to read Shinichi in May or June.
text:It's normal to go to a new doctor in May/June, yeah.	labels:Because this is the case now, most students enrol in July/August, which means they start their third grade, then go to Shinichi in September, but they take the book in advance and take a look at it for themselves, so the words are exactly the same as those of you.
text:You mean we'll be a little faster than them in the quarter.	labels:And you're going to be fast every year, as I said last year, most of the 4th graders start school in the first year of the 4th grade, and this year you start school in the third grade, including the 6th Divisioners who are younger, like Kianping, and the second graders are in the new medicine.
text:Second grade's right.	labels:That's what it means.
text:I'm not going to read it either. I'm going to read it directly.	labels:No, it's graded. They've read sbs outside.
text:Are you saying you have to read the sbs before you can read the psychology?	labels:Well, it's not that you read the sbs so you can read the information. It's a six-month period. You're going to have to do an English connection. Otherwise, because the kids don't teach much at school, right?I don't think so.A lot of kids are out there for the last six months, and that's a lot easier to do, as long as it's more or less easy, because first I didn't know what you were doing with your kids at the time, and 90 was the new sbs?
text:It all worked out, yes, because we went to New East yesterday to check it out, and the new East said that I was not qualified to say they were in the fourth grade.	labels:So I'm not in fourth grade, I'm in first grade, I'm in second grade, I'm in second grade, I'm in second grade.
text:And then I think you're too different, one for me to start directly with the second half of the class and one for me not to read this myself.	labels:It's true that the reason for this is that Pe-Yu is the main one, and I'm telling you that there's only a few sbs in the class because it's all in the third grade, and it's all in the third grade.
text:What do you mean? I'm actually reading the post in the New East. It's a very small version.	labels:I know there's only two of the six Divisions in the first grade yesterday. They're talking like they're reading a case called Primariy, they're juniors, they're about a second grade, aren't they?I don't think so.It's like he's in Primariy's, then the junior, and he's here at Harvard, and he's in first grade.
text:He wants to come right.	labels:So he wanted to read the sbs, and I said that because you couldn't read it, you'd take the sbi if you had a bad explanation.
text:I'm just wondering, or I'll come straight next year.	labels:I don't know what kind of a situation you've been in for six months.
text:Because, after all, the course will not end until December, and there will be no refunds.	labels:Do you have Mr. Wang's cell phone?
text:I talked to him yesterday, and he said he couldn't help it, but he said he would have a class in November, so you could take a look at me and ask about it.I don't think so.I think it would have been nice if I had ended the month of December with January.	labels:Because there's a class in March? You should ask him, because he's supposed to have a class in January, but what did he say?
text:What do you mean? How did the month get dense? Still studying in January.	labels:He said that his so-called intensive classes were actually cold holidays.
text:He did not know in January until February, nor did he have intensive classes.	labels:Why don't you call your sister and ask him if he knows your situation better?	episode_done:True
text:You.	labels:It's hard now. When's this week's new shift? Hi, is it your parents? Hi, I'm a foreign language teacher.
text:He's reading freshman um now.	labels:I'll take the notes.
text:I've just been consulted by a teacher with Angli.	labels:Which teacher consulted you?I don't think so.Is it Tmk's teacher or the campus teacher?
text:Not your schoolteacher.	labels:It's other campuses. What else do you need to know? Do you know which campus?
text:He said Dad's the new one, right? Right.	labels:We're not the schoolteachers. He'll be right. He'll talk to you in a ditch, then he'll tell us about you when he's done, and then he'll call us to make a follow-up confirmation.
text:When do you start your shift?	labels:Tofu class, huh?I don't think so.Now, because of this, the Tofu of our side has two basic and intensive phases, depending on the child's degree, and look at what happened to your little friend before you did, so I'm going to do an understanding here.
text:He's a freshman.	labels:You were talking about him in freshman year.
text:A freshman couple, and then we're middle-class.	labels:The interpreter has passed.
text:There was no examination after the written exam.	labels:No exams.
text:Because there was no training, we went that day, and that was a few years ago.	labels:What was his score on the written test?
text:He's still in the pen because he's in the third grade.	labels:It was a long time ago, wasn't it?
text:Very little, okay.	labels:Or what is it like to have an English level right now? Is there a level 4-6? I don't think there's a level 4 yet.
text:Without the exam, one of the freshmen in their school wouldn't let them.	labels:What a school.
text:He is.	labels:Hand it over to med school.I don't think so.Okay, I get it. He's planning to leave the country later on, or...
text:In any case, we have no specific consideration, or if you read it now or maybe you're ready.	labels:Okay, it's like getting him ready first, right?
text:That's what we do, Mr. Bank Building, thinking it's mostly about raising children, because his children themselves have proposed that I should learn English, and we still think it's important to improve one aspect of his abilities, not necessarily to have to leave the country or something, the most important aspect of his abilities, but he is generally telling the truth in English.	labels:It's a normal level of English, isn't it?
text:Yes, he is.	labels:In a foreign language school, basically as you say, I would suggest that one of the classes you go to for him is Tofu's reinforcement, which is that breaking through classes is a bit more difficult than going through basic classes, but I think it may be more appropriate for him to speak relative terms, and then, to a certain extent, this is the visit, the last two-and-a-half hours of the week, and then a full-time period is around 40 weeks.I don't think so.Yes, in a situation like this, let's see if there's a good time on your side. For example, when is it gonna be easier on Saturdays or Sundays?
text:We're usually a little more convenient on Saturdays.	labels:It's gonna be a little free Saturday, right?
text:'Cause Saturday kids have to be ready.	labels:Back to school, right?
text:Okay.	labels:So on Saturday, I see a class in the next cycle on October 31, that is, at the end of the month, with a new class, and I suggest it. If he says he has time for Saturday, he can come and listen to it, because the other classes are, and are already in class, so he can see how this is a hard-to-be pattern, and it's not fit.
text:He said the teacher said he had to run a test on the kids first, yes.	labels:Because I'm in front of the end.
text:Wasn't the foundation or was it.	labels:Yeah, that's basically a description I gave you earlier, and the middle-level interpreter is over, but it's a long time ago, and now it's a general conversation at the College of Medicine, and one of the tests is to make it possible for the child to understand or not to understand, and I've arranged for him to try it directly.I don't think so.If it sounds as hard as it feels, then it starts directly with reinforcement, and, yes, if it feels as hard as it is, I would suggest that he start again on the basis.
text:Well, I keep talking about it because it's because of him to my daughter.	labels:Want to learn on top.
text:He never used to make up English, but he said this time I said I was in a hurry, and I was happy. I said yes. We don't know if it's better for the Tofu or for the Senior Interpreter, right? Then I thought after I heard the teacher's introduction, I thought it might be better to build the Tofu to get the Tofu right, and then get another certificate for the high test, and then I thought it would be a little longer.I don't think so.Two and a half hours? That's 4040 weeks. That's him. He's a very small number, isn't he?	labels:That's right, there's about 10 people in the class.
text:Taxes and fees.	labels:Its current intensive class is 18,800,18,800.
text:The basics are a little more flat.	labels:Basics say 12,800.
text:All right, you can follow the address.	labels:Isn't it time? I'll meet you here at a good time. Do you think it's convenient Saturday morning or afternoon?
text:Listen to the time of the afternoon. What time are you gonna be?	labels:In the morning, he has a class from 9 to 11.30 a.m., which can be listened to by the children.
text:9 ~ 11.30 p.m. followed by the afternoon.	labels:If you don't hurry, I'll take a look at it. There's another class here at 3.30-6 p.m.
text:We're in the morning, aren't we?	labels:Okay, I'll set you up in the morning, and I'll send you all the time of the course and the address of our campus on your cell phone, okay? Then you can contact me directly if you have any questions, and I'll call you around Friday to confirm the timing of the trial.	episode_done:True
text:I think I'm fit to play. Either the file is in the file downstairs, mostly for the parents. No, you say he's two.	labels:Word.
text:My Von Dell's name? No. What's my name?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Your call is in the middle of a call, please.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Right.	labels:My daughter's name is Li Wei, she's in your class, and I'll see if I can suddenly have it.
text:The kids are in some kind of class.	labels:Middle-level interpreters are from Mr. Zhang.
text:He said he wanted to move to Saturday afternoon, right?	labels:Not Saturday afternoon, Friday afternoon, Friday night. Did he just ask about you?
text:He called in this afternoon, and I told him about the situation and suggested that he come over to the teacher's side on Saturday, because even if we say that Saturday afternoon or Friday night did not necessarily coincide with his current course.	labels:It doesn't work, or it's fast at night.
text:Yes, so I suggested to him that he should come by on Friday and have a curriculum teacher's class on Friday night, but that would not necessarily be the right thing to do, for example, say he's going to the interpreter now, or he's going to read it right now.	labels:It's Friday night, isn't it?
text:Yeah, so I'm gonna need the kid here. I just told him that Saturday afternoon, too, and he suggested he come to the school and talk to the teacher, and then he took the transfer procedure, which he himself agreed.	labels:A little agreement? Yes, I'll ask you again, is there a lesson in the people's square for Mr. Jang?
text:I don't know about people's squares, but people's squares are going to see if they have teachers in their campus.	labels:Then if I sign up here, I'll find it over there.
text:But we can do it. We can all move from campus to campus.	labels:So you don't know what's going on with him, do you?
text:Yeah, because I don't know how far he's going in each of their campuses, and we can't see it from here, we can only see what he's got.	labels:I'll do it again.
text:Let's talk to the kids. Okay, good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:The number you have dialed cannot be reached for the time being, please later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, the other one.	labels:What I'm trying to do is ask if you're going to class 18-19 on Tuesday?
text:Okay.	labels:Thank you.
text:Still.	labels:For the time being, there is no recent class going to class number one.
text:Now it's lesson 13.	labels:Is the 13th class a golden prize class?
text:It's Mini Class.	labels:How many grams is about total.
text:60 9 Started in June.	labels:That's 96 hours, and it's 13 lessons this week.
text:Lesson 13 this week.	labels:Can you tell me when 14 is?
text:Saturday 9-11.30.	labels:Saturday 9:30, right?	labels:Okay, I got it.	labels:Thank you so much.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Ller, how are you? How are you?	labels:You said I'd turn over to this class? Okay, Saturday morning class. Okay, I'll turn the lock on what class we're in. Okay, hold on a second.
text:His class is at Michigan University. If I can't find it after you come in the morning, let the kid come to me.I don't think so.Okay, I'll tell you one more thing, so let's just tell you one thing: the kid goes from 20 or more to 36 and lets him go to the last class, and if he comes up here and feels like he can't keep up, we'll make other course adjustments. Okay? Otherwise, because if there's a difference of two or three grams in the middle, I think it's okay, because it's 10 grams, and I'm afraid the kid's going to have a hard time, and if he's up and up, then we're going to figure out another way to adjust it, or we're going to suspend it for two weeks, wait for the class to come up, and then we're going to be able to follow the class for six weeks at 12:30 to 15:00 a week.	labels:I feel like I don't know about Chinese time, I know.
text:He's finished his class, too, because we're basically mini-classes now, and rating classes are relatively fast, and then parents report off as long as the conditions are right. That's because now it's 3:30-6:00, you're mostly out of time, and if you're in time, there's still a seat in this class.	labels:Right.
text:Because that's about all I've got on my side, so let's have the kids come in tomorrow. Let's take a look at one of the kids' classes, and let's make some adjustments if there's a problem. Good-bye, good-bye.	labels:Right.	episode_done:True
text:The number you have dialed is not available for the moment. Please play the number you later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:That's how it works.	labels:Let's take a demonstration in the past, 00250.
text:Eight.	labels:August, huh? Hello.
text:I'm here with Mr. Ally. Did you just call me to consult with the class? Yes, you're still a senior? What kind of class do you want to know?	labels:It's Arthur, isn't it?
text:Have you ever been to any of your classes before?	labels:You say you're here, you read the analysis.
text:That's the middle school test. Oh, that's it. You're planning on leaving the country. When?	labels:A year.
text:Next year, isn't it? Are you okay?I don't think so.We'd better test the children because of the first, but if you want to try it directly, because we have a 12-30-3 class on Saturday, and this class starts in November, or you can bring the kids over this week.	labels:Saturday. Oh, that's right.
text:12:30.	labels:It's 12:30 today.I don't think so.There's something going on at the company tomorrow because of me. Maybe I can't come with him.
text:You can do that, when are you uh.	labels:You are.
text:When are you busy?	labels:I don't know, because I'm going to the clinic to see the video.
text:Because here's the mom, we have basics and breakthroughs in Arthur's words, because next year you're leaving, right? How many months are you leaving next year?	labels:It is not known exactly yet, because it should be before September next year.
text:Yeah, so I'm trying to see if your kids can keep up, and you're following Arthur's breakout class.I don't think so.Just a year away.	labels:It doesn't have to be that long. It's 40 weeks.
text:One year, just next year, before you leave the exam.	labels:A year.
text:It's not a year. It's normal. We're in 40 weeks for 10 months.	labels:I'll ask him at night and come back tomorrow when I can.
text:Yes, I'll send you that address and my contact details, and then the time of the class, and your phone number is 13916462250, right?	labels:It's all right.
text:My name is Lee. Good-bye. Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Bank money. I'll take care of it. I'll take care of it. Why don't you put him on the phone?I don't think so.All right. Hello Quiet, please.I don't think so.You open five new ones for me. I'll fill them up. Okay, thank you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I'll give you a call from the 8-million-class headmaster of the Angry campus. The new concept is reported by the kid on October 11th.I don't think so.Honey, I'm sorry to have to start at 3:30 on Sunday, 17 October, on Sunday morning, we're going to have to go to class. It's 3:30-6, half-6, right. Don't forget the time. Don't forget the time. Okay, I'll send you a message, because you can't get this phone. I'll add your number to the signal. I'll give you a cell number without me. 135,642,907. Good for you. You're all right now. Don't forget the time. You're Mr. Lee, and you don't have my last name. Mr. Chen is right. I'm the head of the children's class. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Sea-moved caller for you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Okay, I'm on January 8th, right? If not, add it.I don't think so.Yesterday's at home right.I don't think so.Right? Isn't that nice to me, Ms. Wong? I'm a teacher in foreign languages. I've had a lecture in English with a friend who's been with you on Saturdays, so I'll check this out. Do you know the time address?I don't think so.I've been texting you before, but I just called my dad, and he said he wanted me to contact you tomorrow at 1:30 a.m., and then on the 999th floor of a lot of food malls, and that's right. That's the third-grade, third-grade triangle is the answer library. You said the answer library was good, this book was a book, and how much time was a lecture for an hour. He's a lecture for a few-year-old kid.I don't think so.You're in the first grade, aren't you?I don't think so.That's right. That's right.I don't think so.Okay, bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I'm Gonxi City's mother. Excuse me. I'm speaking English, so I'm asking if there's a plan for your child to make up English in the near future.	labels:Not for the time being, because we're seniors now, us.
text:There's no time, is there?	labels:Right.
text:Because Aunli's words are part of this, and you won't be able to make any time out of them.	labels:Because our senior English has already been taught.
text:Okay? Okay, excuse me, okay.I don't think so.Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Mama Ma? Anton and I are Olynn's circle teachers. Look at you, like we're in trouble and we're in the middle of a job, and we just said the house is fine.
text:I'm sure you want to, because the head office can't.	labels:I can't get up on Sunday and I can't get out of the hallway on Saturday.
text:Because I'm not feeling well on Saturdays, and you haven't dealt with it yet, and I don't want to be a force dispute.	labels:High-level considerations, right?I don't think so.Men, like they were just two backgrounds, always thought that Wednesday passed a if there was a probabilities of TTs.
text:I can walk around the street, just a new store, because you were talking about junior high school in old Lee, and I told him it was nice to pull my clothes, and he said a car came out, and I didn't know you had a phone.	labels:You're gonna shake it out of you first.
text:That's the first part of the bite.	labels:Give it to me. I forgot about him at the time.
text:Because now the community's on the net because it's dry, because it's a merger, because you're going to take it.	labels:I can't come back with my brother-in-law's street present in the house. I'm doing it at Alai's house. I don't have much to do with it. I'll do it if you don't get a part of it or the bottom.I don't think so.All right, let's do it, buddy. Let's do it.	episode_done:True
text:234498.	labels:Four brands. That's it. Hello.
text:Hi, I'm the teacher of Ally's education. I'd like to call to tell you about the kid's Tofford test results, right? Yes, because he's a high-grade student on our side.	labels:Is he staying at school? Yeah, he's over there, yeah, he's probably not going to be anything right now, he's going to go to the Tofu Dato, that's all.
text:That's how kids write about 200 words.I don't think so.I think it's pretty good to write, and it's very distracting, and then you need a picture of your life, and you can give it to him because he's still in Tofford's class and brought to the campus. How about this week by Saturday at the latest?	labels:By Saturday. Okay. I'll talk to him then, okay?
text:Okay, thank you.I don't think so.Just 200 words, maybe 200 words, and bring a picture of life. Thank you very much.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I've got a special teacher on my side. I don't have a Sunday at Tofu Foundation. The other farmer needs to quote it. I'll be fine without it. It's good to have less than three points in less than three years.I don't think so.I'm sorry, because I think it's about what's going on in the morning, what's going on in the first place, what's going on in the first place, you know what I'm going to look like? It's about 2 o'clock in the country. I'm just trying to figure it out for my parents, 'cause I'm the third guy, man. I'm the third guy. I'm going to tell you, I'm going to go to the address, I'm going to go to the address, I'm going to get to the address, I'm going to get to the address, and I'm going to get to the address.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Miss Xin. Excuse me. I'm speaking English. I'd like to ask your children if they're going to learn English.	labels:I'm sorry, he's not going. Why is he in college now?
text:It's a little older. Can I ask you something? Okay, I'm sorry. It's okay.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Bags are off-site cell phones, please.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Then ask China for one of the written tests.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, it's Miss Cheung, isn't it?	labels:You say "Li".
text:I want another teacher. Would you like to know if you need an import course you've been consulting with?	labels:Where's the teacher?
text:Ali wants to know if you need an interface course. You don't need a basic accent right now. Do you need any more English classes?	labels:There's no need for that right now. Okay, bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Liu Xiaoyu. I've been busy just now, and the other parents have given him control at home, so I'd like to report to you.	labels:Help you so I can help you. I'm here to help me just mention Ben.
text:Yeah, I said the system would help him report that you've lost all five of them.	labels:Well, if that's a good idea, I'll read it. I'll do my personal interface. I'll do my job.
text:That's probably 10 lessons for a young man's shop in Gonnon, isn't it?	labels:If that goes from my teacher's understanding.
text:My teacher spends 150 hours, two and a half hours, for a total of 60 sessions.	labels:I mentioned it because I could have two more of him. Can it be that way?I don't think so.I'm sorry. I can give him information. I'm just kidding.
text:I'm sure I have to help him, Mr. Aida.	labels:Just two.
text:One of the biggest soups.	labels:There's no right for him to have two more shareholders.
text:A week's buy is three times for Shanghai Sugar Control.	labels:Help say which demand is not in action.
text:It's been two minutes since China completed the target.	labels:You don't remember. You don't need a CD.
text:Say you don't have to be at 3 o'clock, yeah.I don't think so.I'm glad you're here.	labels:Well, last time you told me a bitter man, I kuang could be.
text:Kool should have hit you. He should have given you a short lesson like a sign or grammar. We'll confirm it to him. Then we'll have a cold break, and I'm sure you don't want me.	labels:We're sure to give it to you, because it's financial, and I think I'm catching up with it, because I just wanted to do it, and then twice, it's sad that it has you.I don't think so.So it's because it's really not as important as just a little bit of three months, as I recalled on my headphones, and it's really what you're trying to say, and what you're going to do next year.
text:Gonna feel like three years for you.	labels:Which means you believe that I think Go is great and you just told me what he said, but you're either out of line or out of line, because you know how to check yourself on a network like a client's role model.I don't think so.I'm sure there's nothing wrong with it. I think there's provinces in the provinces where you think people are good for the incompetent Lee family. They're all right.
text:Aix is right. I'll be in touch next time.	labels:Ask your father to pull in because my professional and personal ties are with my brother and dad. Okay. Thank you very much.	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:All right, dot.	labels:It's Chen Woo's mom, right? Hello. I'm here to speak to the headmaster of the Alley school. I'll give you a call to tell you about the new concept of the 3:30 children's paper on Sunday. This is the beginning of the class, Saturday. It's 3:30-6. Thank you. And then this phone can be added. Can you be sure? I'll be back in a minute. Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, that's 800 pounds campus. I'd like to consult you. I see your second-stage class of mid-level interpreters on October 17 started on Saturday, right?	labels:You're talking about the intensive interpreter shift, aren't you?
text:Yes, this is done orally when there are only intensive interpretation sessions.	labels:It's the long flight that started on the 17th, isn't it? Uh, right.
text:Then I would like to ask whether this time the interpretation should normally start on the 8th of October, as usual.	labels:The examination began on 8 October.
text:I said.	labels:I don't think that's going to work for an exam.
text:When should I start?	labels:It's the end of October, isn't it?
text:Mid-November.	labels:He should have signed up at the end of October and started his examination in mid-November.
text:Mid-November, right? That's 8 to the back, around 10? Right. Who's the teacher?	labels:Are you sure? I'll take a look at it for you later. Because this is an intensive class teacher, it's supposed to be sent directly from the research institute.
text:What's the point? Mr. Wu said yesterday that Mr. Wu said that this year's fact was in China's famous school.	labels:This is supposed to be a sure thing.
text:You tell me which teacher.	labels:What do you mean, Wang Jing Jing?
text:What is the king of kings? And if it is as the king of kings, and if it is the king of kings, then Jin is the male and the female, right? And Wang Rujun is with him.	labels:It's the teacher of the Academy who's directly involved in the subject.
text:Did you raise the price this year? Wasn't it that expensive last year?	labels:It's been 3600 for the whole time.
text:No, you're a sprinter.	labels:It's always 3,000.
text:Not as much as I did last year.	labels:Well, we've never gone up the price if we go to the final exam.
text:We didn't get a test last year, so we didn't go very well with that teacher last year?I don't think so.Yeah, I didn't know you guys had never been to 880. I don't know what it's like when he's finished his class. We went online last year, we didn't have any feedback, I went back and I didn't know what to do with the kids, and you couldn't bother him any more.I don't think so.What are you doing here, what are the feedback on the follow-up? Is there a follow-up teacher in this class?	labels:Some have class directors in every class.
text:I know you've got feedback after class.	labels:Every teacher's lecture class, including the results of the tests, will have such feedback, will have it distributed and will drag you to the micro-message.
text:I know how many people are in this class now.	labels:This class, which I've written for you, is an oral test. It's an intensive class. It's a pretty large class. It's almost ten people now.
text:October 17th to October 07th, 8:30 to 11.30th? Right. Okay, I get it. You want to sign in?	labels:You can't report it online. You're still gonna sign up for us.
text:Is that the price still on the spot? It's not good.	labels:If you're old enough to sign up, it's 30 bucks less.
text:It's the old man who knows what Mr. Yang used to do.	labels:If you don't, because it's a tight spot, most of the students in my previous exam were transferred to this class, and if you want to go to this class, leave me a call, and I'll set you a reservation.
text:You'll leave me 138,138,178. 178,587,558275, right?	labels:The kid's so happy.
text:It's good to be happy, but it's not good to be happy, is it? It's good to be happy when the fish get rid of the tree?I don't think so.For the happy quick.	labels:I'll write it down for you. I'll check with you later. Okay?
text:I need you to make a reservation for me. Could you make a reservation for me?	labels:If you're in your seat, try to meet your request first.
text:I'm gonna take the first row by the way, the first row by the middle. I know. I'm fine. I'm going to the other campus. I haven't been to your campus. Thank you very much.	labels:When do you think you'll be here?
text:If I'm coming, because I can't get out of the office today, if I'm coming out tomorrow, I'll see Sunday, if I'm coming, can I come next Monday? No, right?	labels:It's better for you to come by on a Saturday.
text:It's Sunday, isn't it? I'll come straight to my class or something.	labels:You're gonna have to get ahead of schedule. You're gonna have to come straight to class. You can't get in your seat.
text:You either do that.	labels:Saturday or Friday, you take a minute.
text:It's not Saturday. You've been in class since Saturday.	labels:Yeah, or you're Friday.
text:Friday.I don't think so.I hate my training out there tomorrow. If I don't come, I'll invite a friend of mine to report for me, okay?	labels:If you can't come, you can transfer it with a micro-mail or a payment of the treasure, and we can report it for you.
text:It's okay. It's Thursday. You take my place. You take a look in the middle of the first row, because the first row is on the teacher's podium, and it's on the middle.	labels:I'll check you in first, then the teacher will contact you later.
text:I'm afraid because of you we'll sit in the back and I'll have a smaller child.	labels:I'll give it to him now.
text:I'll give it to him now. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Buh. Mr. Tang's mother, I'd like to ask you because our Friday class is going to change to tomorrow, and because tomorrow we have all the kids and they won't make it, and I'd like to ask you, if we stop school once, you have a problem, right?I don't think so.You took off a lot of classes. Yeah, I just said I'd give him a lesson and I'll give him a study. Right, let's stop this one. Next time, we'll go back to normal, number 11.I don't think so.Yeah, Friday's the next Friday. Okay, Friday's a stop. Friday's a stop. Friday's a stop. Okay, that's it. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Liu Hae-woo. Is Miss Koo here?
text:Hello.	labels:I just did.
text:Mr. Wang isn't the one you're talking to. How do you do?	labels:And then I thought, what day did you teach me that Saturday?
text:Sunday.	labels:It's Sunday, too.
text:For the afternoon of 3.30-6 p.m. on Sunday.	labels:That's not going to happen in the afternoon. There's no time.I don't think so.I'm not going to have time to try it out. Is the teacher okay? I'm going to think about it. I'm sure I don't have time for this afternoon.
text:All right. You only have Sunday morning, right?	labels:Sunday morning.
text:Can't you do it on Saturdays and Fridays?	labels:You're probably having some problems in the morning, so if that's the case, I'm going to video the teacher who works so well, and I'm going to see how to schedule the time, because he has other things to do.
text:Okay, I'm sure there's no time. I got it, so I'll see you later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:At your service in Shanghai, we will text each other as soon as possible.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lee Wan Woo. Hello.	labels:I think I'm Chen Yunshan Yu's mother. I'm looking for a new concept of the deal that his teacher is responsible for. Okay.
text:He's a new class teacher, but he's off today. You told me, he is.	labels:When's the shift?
text:Right? That's Friday. That's 4:15 to 6:15.	labels:4:15-6:15, right.I don't think so.Okay, 4:15 to 6:15, so I'm gonna have to come over and do some paperwork, and I don't need it.I don't think so.Okay, because tomorrow I'm going abroad for a while, so that's Grandma, so I'd like to say hi, okay?
text:It's okay.I don't think so.Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.	labels:Okay, well, that's Friday. Friday's what time it is.
text:4:15-6:15.	labels:2:15 to 6:15, okay, thank you.	episode_done:True
text:All right. Hello. Your call is off.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:There's another one.	labels:Hello, is this 800 campus? Hello, I'm at the Golden Bridge campus. I'd like to ask if there's a new basic interpretation course at 9 a.m. or around November.
text:Saturday's airport will be there in November.	labels:There's a new class around the end of November, right? Let me see the chapter.
text:It's over. Look at that watch. Check out the packing class in November.	labels:Pack.
text:There's a October 31 in October after 5:00.	labels:October 31st.I don't think so.Any more later? No.
text:It's gone by the end of November, just the two of you.	labels:This class is a rolling start.
text:He should be.	labels:The suite? You're in Saturday morning class. What are you up to now?
text:What do you mean?	labels:The next class is Saturday morning. Which class is number one?
text:Two classes.	labels:Okay, I get it. Thank you. Bye.
text:Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I just wanted to ask if it's okay.	labels:I don't know if it's broken. This isn't answered. Hi, is it Lubin's parents? Hi, I'm here to speak English. I called you yesterday, asked you about a written test of a middle-level interpreter, and you didn't answer it.
text:Yesterday it was 150.	labels:150.I don't think so.159, right? If you think it's 159 below, it's a score passed. Do you remember a score for each of its individual items? Can you tell me? Let me see where he is.
text:But like I don't remember.	labels:That's it, isn't it?
text:Translation.	labels:Maybe it wasn't very good. Then I'll tell you one thing. The kid wants to go to a pass list on our side, right? And he wants to be on the list on his side?
text:You came back in December and we had him feeling this was a little low.	labels:You don't want to go, do you?I don't think so.Okay, I'd like to ask you this, because I see that your kid, if he's tried one of these, is he going to take the test this time in November?
text:Right.	labels:Not yet, so I said I'm going to get a card, because one of ours is an intensive shift, which starts at 8:30 on Saturday.
text:He's not going to be trained a few times.	labels:The oral test-enhanced class is four times.I don't think so.Then shouldn't you have a gold medal for the annual newspaper?
text:We weren't there, so we couldn't figure out what to pay for.	labels:Right? Because it's supposed to be an oral test together, and 10,14 weeks of a course? And then it's usually a golden test class for kids who are going to take the test next year in 434, and this year, for example, if you are going to take the test in November, we have an intensive examination class, which is four classes, and this class is usually for children who have passed the written test on our side, and the students who want the test in November we'll get them to sign up, so that's why this class wasn't recommended to the students who went to the first class.I don't think so.Yeah, because if it's a little late.
text:November is too early.	labels:It's too early, isn't it?
text:You.	labels:You didn't get a good grade this time? Okay. Did you pick one of your last oral tests?
text:Still.	labels:No choice? OK, then you can choose. This is a gold prize. There's one in December, on December 5. I remember one, but Kim Yang.
text:I'll be back in a minute.	labels:Why don't you talk to him about it?	episode_done:True
text:Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh...	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, hello. Your call is on the phone.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mr. Choi? Yes, I'm Mr. Lee, you're reporting on you. It's a new concept three course on Saturday. Yes, we're starting on Saturday.	labels:October 17th, right? Yesterday at 3.30 p.m.?
text:3:30 for 3:30.	labels:- It's six, isn't it?
text:We're on the side of Pudong Food City in the new campus. Have you heard of it? I know, last time.	labels:I've been here before. We've had an intensive class here. Okay.
text:What grade are the kids now? We're in the middle of the year, right? You're in the Lida Hogura district, aren't you?	labels:For the Huangpo district, and then I'm on your side to say that I'm around because I've already reported it, and that's where it was last marked.
text:It's the stage, isn't it?	labels:There'll be seats on the table, won't there? It'll be lined up.
text:All right, we'll build a micro-conveyor. We'll send you some classroom information, okay?	labels:Okay, and I'd like to ask you, just the last time I was at the reading door, the teacher had a circle of friends, which means you're in Pudong or a new campus, and there's an event, right?
text:It's active.	labels:October 17th, October 17th. If you sign up for a card, it's the right thing to do. Genius, right?
text:Three days of school celebration, 16, 17, 18 days of activity.I don't think so.Do you have a card on your side?	labels:I wasn't.
text:Cards, huh? That's right.	labels:So the last time your teacher mentioned it, because that's when you just moved here, which is probably when he said he'd be informed.
text:Yes, but you've been contacted by a teacher.	labels:Mr. Lin.
text:Two woods, huh?	labels:Yeah, yeah. What about his activities?
text:In the case of cards, we have already reduced the size of our cards, from 20,000 to 2,000, to another campus, from 20,000 to 10,000, from 30,000 to 2,500, and from 20,000 to 2,500, but only three days later, from 20,000 to 1,000.	labels:Twenty thousand is 2,500 for the right.
text:We'll make $5,000 for 30,000, won't we?I don't think so.3503 million we're 5,000 because we moved here to have a school festival like this.	labels:Says it's a full utility card, because I'm reporting it now.
text:Yeah, it's all year-round, and then he doesn't have a deadline, does he? No.	labels:And it's like, if you don't read it, can you back off?
text:If you do not study, for example, if you report a course, you can't withdraw a course that you have already enrolled in, and if the remaining costs are considered, then you can either transfer them to your friends.	labels:So what you're saying is if I report this card, but first I don't sign up, then I say I don't sign up, in case I don't read it, and then I can quit?
text:And it's okay.	labels:That's what you have, like he said about information or anything, about gifts or anything.
text:You can have some activities on the opening day anyway. You can come over and get it.	labels:All right, I know. You'll get it in class, right? Yeah. Thank you very much.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mrs. Zhang Wen Tao? I have another teacher to ask, do you have a check on your kid's written exam this year? How much did you get?	labels:1655.
text:165.5? Okay, then there's one thing. There'll be an oral test this year. Are you going to sign up for the next exam?	labels:I don't know if he can sign up. He hasn't been to that class, has he?
text:That's true, because you've read it before? There's not a hard-on, and then there's a hard-on in China, so I don't know if you have time for it. He has a class on Saturdays and Sundays.	labels:What time is it?
text:Saturday is 8:30 to 11.30 a.m. without learning it, and it is an enhanced test for oral tests.	labels:I know, but we didn't learn it before.
text:Would it be useful to strengthen it? It would be useful to strengthen it before the examination, because some of the students would like to try it on their first exam, so they would also apply for an intensive course.	labels:So I asked you to learn the basics and then strengthen them, which would be better.
text:It's kind of.I don't think so.There are also students who say they go straight to the intensive class of the examination, then go to the first exam, then if they pass it, and if they don't go back to the oral exam.	labels:Ben's talking to the class.
text:A few intensive classes, four. Yes, yes.	labels:When do we start?
text:Saturday has a week to start.I don't think so.Saturday is 8.30 - 11.30 a.m. and 1 - 4 p.m. on Sunday.	labels:We've had classes all the time.
text:Can you do it? Can't do it.	labels:He's fixed in the morning, and he's fixed in the afternoon on Sunday.
text:That's right. If you don't have the right time, you can do it like this. If you want to do it one step at a time, just like you said before, you can go to the golden class in December, read it. Yes, he's doing it for next spring. Not now, because we're running at that time, just until March.	labels:Will you let me know when this happens in December?
text:I'll tell you now if you say yes, you can fix it.	labels:What's his usual time?
text:It's 6:30-9 a.m. on Saturday.	labels:This time is right.
text:It's once a week, that's all.	labels:It's not that your class is right this time.
text:There's the cold shift, and there's the cold shift, which is Monday to Friday, and then 6:30 to 9:00.	labels:A few times.
text:It was also 14 times, the duration of which was the same, but it was just the right one.I don't think so.Yeah, you can look at it then, if you have time for your winter break.	labels:The whole winter break went up to class.
text:The entire winter break is two and a half hours a day, Mondays to Fridays, as is the case with the winter break.	labels:It's three weeks off in itself and two weeks away.
text:Yeah, you can see it then.	labels:There's only one in the cold shift.
text:Yeah, one cold break, and then once a week, there's only one regular shift. Right.	labels:No extra. No.
text:Can't you start in December once a week?	labels:Several people have opened a list of available requisitions.
text:How many of you want to be together?	labels:There are five of us in class. Right.
text:Didn't you sign up before the exam? Yeah.I don't think so.You have other students to read, don't you?	labels:I'll report for the oral test. But I don't know when to start.
text:Now, if you either say you don't have time this year, you'll take next year's exam.	labels:My previous class was that it was time to read and translate after hearing.I don't think so.That one before me.
text:Ben, do I know what you're talking about?	labels:He wasn't supposed to be finishing that class until December, but Saturday at 3.30 p.m.. No. No. This class is gone.
text:Only from 6:30 to 9 p.m.	labels:Why is this class gone? He's supposed to go to school together.
text:This.	labels:Not together, yes, too few. Five people on the line. Can you start? Five or six people.
text:Five people. You're a student from Ally's side, aren't you?	labels:And they were with you before, and I was in the regular school, and they were in the summer school.
text:And then you all went to the golden class, didn't you?	labels:I should have reported more than $10,000 together.
text:But do you have the same time?	labels:Time is the same if you want to go up.
text:Isn't that right?	labels:Five people work together.
text:Five people say they do not have the number of people to start their work.	labels:A few people to the tablet.
text:That's 10 people in a regular group. Right, do you have any other students in your class to read? I don't know.	labels:It's supposed to be in grade. We've had most of it this time.
text:Isn't that right?I don't think so.If there is one, you can discuss it if there is no situation, and if there is time to do so, I will ask the leader if it is possible, and then you will approve one more time.	labels:What's your last name? My last name is Wang. Yes, because I was contacted earlier by Mr. Lee.
text:Mr. Lee is the teacher who signed up for you, isn't he?	labels:This is a sign-up, and the other one is a class teacher, right?
text:Mr. Wu?	labels:Right.
text:Yeah, so if you see it, you guys can do it together.	labels:Okay? Okay, I'll talk to them.
text:Okay, and then you remember the scores in the sections?I don't think so.Three points for hearing reading and translation.	labels:We're like Han translated English, and this score's about 26 points, 25 or 26.
text:Han-young would have been harder.	labels:And then there's a 20-point dispute, too, right? 26 or so.I don't think so.And then it looks like there's a whole score, and I'll look at it at most.
text:Are you asking me? Reading is 60 points.	labels:Read us 42 minutes, huh?
text:It's a good reading.	labels:Not for English and Chinese. Then the hearing is 72.
text:Listening to 72, isn't it?	labels:Then the young man is 25 and the young man is 26.5.
text:That's 51.5? You can read the video, you can read the hearing, and it's harder to translate.	labels:Of course he came out half an hour early.
text:Right? I don't think so.	labels:He thought it was the right thing to do, but he didn't check it properly.
text:There may be some translations that need to be considered.	labels:Yeah, so I don't think he's real.
text:There may be a difference, yes, because it's a little possible to read at the level of his hearing, because at least the students here are going to get it, yes. The translation is actually good this year, and it's a little bit better this year.	labels:The student's work as a translator is still good, yes.
text:Actually, it's all right this year.	labels:Maybe not well examined. Some translators are not in place.
text:Yes, especially Han-young, you need to think about something.	labels:Yeah, he probably ignores it, feels it easy, then flips it.
text:Maybe he's a little bit of a target.	labels:He's always good at his grades, isn't he?
text:Well, anyway, because this year you're going to try the exam, and you're going to be able to sign up for the oral test right away, it's supposed to be on the 16th, so if you decide to report later, you grab the time node.	labels:Right?
text:Okay, that's all right. That's all right.	labels:Leave one on your phone, okay?
text:I am.	labels:Next time, I'll consult.
text:Yes, you're 150 for you to remember? 2125.	labels:22557055705 pair. 15021255705.
text:Right.	labels:Yes, Miss Wong is right. Thank you very much.
text:Have a good day. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hi, I'm over at Da Po School. We have a student here who wants to make up a new concept, 103-105 grams, to ask if you have a class that's at the same pace.	labels:Hold on a second.
text:Thank you.	labels:One hundred and fifty-five, 103, 105. There's a class here on Saturday. He's got 100 classes on Saturday. A few classes on Monday.
text:We're here about three lessons at a time.	labels:It's supposed to be 103 tomorrow, next week. It's estimated to be 103 grams, 100 grams, and 100 102 grams.
text:Okay, what's next week?	labels:Saturday at 6 o'clock.
text:Noon.	labels:12:30 to 15:00.
text:I'll ask the parents to wait. Is Saturday 12:30 to 15:00 okay? They're on schedule next week, remember? This is the only class I've got.I don't think so.Okay, you're here to see me in the Dupu district.	labels:Well, then, you can either make up the list and let him come over, okay?
text:Who's the class leader here?	labels:The teacher's not in there with me right now.
text:If I'm going to get my kids to make it up, I'm going to have to have a compensatory list, right?	labels:There's a catch-up for you, and if you don't leave a phone number, I'll let him call you back.
text:Or you can give me a class number.	labels:Class number 142254 for the newcomer.
text:142254, which means that today is Saturday and tomorrow is going up to 100.	labels:100 grams by tomorrow. One hundred and one hundred and two or 103 by tomorrow or 102 by tomorrow.I don't think so.He sometimes has two subjects, sometimes three, because I don't know you and I don't know you. He last went to 99,100 with two lessons and he didn't take three.
text:Okay, thank you. Okay, I'll talk to my parents. Which room is the classroom?	labels:Hsiao-soon is the Acacia, so you can let him come to the teacher's teacher for a new concept I. Then I'll talk to him later, or I'll leave you a phone number, and I'll let him talk to you again. Okay.
text:My number here is 63462391.	labels:2391, right.
text:Thank you. I'll go up and down. Thank you very much. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.	labels:The lawyer's right. Hello, teacher. I'm Smitty Fox's mom. Aren't you in class today? Over there.
text:I'm sorry, because of the transfer, a lot of the students couldn't come, and then we called again, which means that today's class is going to change until next week, but Mr. Yuo probably didn't get through to you when he called.	labels:It started 24 hours later, didn't it?
text:You didn't pick up or anything when he called.	labels:I said the car was coming from the freshman, then I had something to do with it today, and then my husband said to me that you would at least tell me if you didn't talk.
text:He was not notified when he might have been notified, I'm sorry.	labels:You can send a message, right?I don't think so.We've got a little bit of it.
text:Yeah, because he didn't tell us, maybe he'll call you back if he wants, and then he'll forget.	labels:I'm sorry that the kid started to get past what he saw in his heart in the morning, and I asked him last time I was mad at me, and he said you heard me, and I said that the teacher I went to last week told me that.
text:I'm right. I know what the teacher told you when you signed up, right?	labels:And I asked specifically which day did you die in January-August?
text:It's no big deal to be sorry, because Mr. Zhang must have been an oversight of our work, so I'm sorry.	labels:I can't move. I'm going back anyway.
text:Because this is really a thousand-year-old thing, you must have told me. Sorry about your old dad, so what you're doing, I'm sure you're in class. Okay, I'm sorry.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:As a rule, as soon as the SDS option is finished, there may be two, for example, children may be good, but it can be said that they can be successful now, if it's bad or normal, and if you say the last time you read it, you have to read it once. Yes, but if you say that in order to filter it, you can read it once and for all.I don't think so.Hello.	labels:It's the parents of Xu Jin-woo's little friend. Yes, I'm the teacher of Alle-Li. Hello, I'm calling to inform you about the new concept of the little friend tomorrow. We'll be in class tomorrow afternoon. 3:30-6:00 remind the little friend not to be late. Hello.
text:It's an address, isn't it?	labels:Our new campus is the Pudong Food City Wine Building. Yes, Food City Wine Building. Thank you very much.	episode_done:True
text:Okay.	labels:Hello, it's Xu Shi Jinjie. Hi, Mom. I'm Yang Liyang. Hi, I was wondering if you weren't sure when you came over last week to test the new concept two. Are you sure now?
text:I'll take a look at this later, okay?	labels:This class isn't sure yet, is it?
text:I would like to contact their class director, who knows best what he has learned about him, and then their English teacher, the English teacher of the school, and then I would like to ask him whether he should focus on strengthening one aspect.	labels:Okay.
text:Because if I go blind and spend time, it's not about the money, it's about the time, and the little guy doesn't raise much, it's a pain in the ass.	labels:Okay, let's talk to your English teacher first.
text:'Cause he's got number 17 and number 25 and there's a couple of pieces back there, right?	labels:It's because I've been driving from the 17th to the 25th. Okay, good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. The user you have dialed is busy. Please call out the mediation later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, you're Wang Yu-sheng's mother. Who are you? I'm here with Mr. Angli. I'm asking if you've seen a message from us about the lectures.I don't think so.You see what's right, because I remember that your new concept two was negative at 6800, and now the new concept two isn't 9,800, and you didn't read it directly at the time? You can see if you need it at all, because it's still a big deal. Good-bye, good-bye, good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh...	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Is your mother right? Who are you looking for? My sister. The cleaning was wrong about you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Okay, by the way, how do you do?	labels:Big Rich? I'm calling the center. Hello.
text:I'd like to ask you a name.	labels:As a matter of fact, it was a home photograph that was pushed yesterday.
text:Hello. What's Jang's tail number?	labels:The tail number is 82238223.
text:The test came yesterday, and then it was taken, and he wanted to go home and think about Friday.	labels:He went to the test yesterday. The test was done, but he's going home to think about it. It's good for this, okay, I get it.
text:Thank you very much. Bye-bye. Free consideration.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:The other one is Mr. Wu's son. Do you think it's appropriate for the code? Bye-bye, seven.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Ok, he's sleeping again.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:All right, all right. I'm sorry. The user you're calling is currently suspended.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mrs. Chen. Hi, I'm the head teacher of the school department in Eunli. I'm here to help you register at 9 a.m. I'm here to help you not start crying for the first three days of Saturday, so I'm here.	labels:Well, my teacher-in-law has my micro-group and your teacher-in-law has you.
text:Right? I'll get him when I call him.	labels:I was very good at the time.
text:I'll just pull it in as soon as I can. Okay? Wait for me on the door phone line. Okay, okay.	labels:Red.
text:Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mrs. Tong? Hello, I'm a foreign language teacher. You have a course on new concepts. Do you need it now? No, thank you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Pupa was only where you were with me in the first place, where only you could understand that my dreams were never big, and we didn't have sex with each other in Shanghai.	labels:Jang Ying's mom.
text:Hey, Chang.	labels:Father Ying, I'd like to force him once, Mr. Liu, because in the morning there are dozens of blanks and up to two blanks for them, just five singles, just two flavors for the new farm, and I'm going to take a step.
text:Let's take it easy. There should be four of these, but the last two are going for a run. What are you waiting for?	labels:It didn't wait.
text:That's not it.	labels:Ooh, that's nice to say.
text:Just polished it a little Obama.	labels:'Cause it's a lot right.
text:Because they were bought to find them.	labels:It's their good buddy farm, so squeeze me again if you want to help you.
text:It's done right for me, okay.	labels:If there's no traffic, you need to get back here.
text:Five okay.	labels:Good old man.
text:Good to feed you again.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Oh, oh, I left blank. There's two big cards in two years.	labels:The number you have dialed cannot be reached.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, I'm on the third floor of Anyy, not the third floor, and the ninth floor is the one I saw on the Internet. Is there any smoke in your store?	labels:Yeah, now the hospital's gone.
text:Well, I'll ask the kids to change. Okay, bye. I'll see you in a telegram later.	labels:I'll be right there. Okay, bye.	episode_done:True
text:Is this Miss Ma? Excuse me, I'm speaking English. I just wanted to ask.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Your call is not available for the moment.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Miss Kwok? Excuse me. I'm here to answer your foreign language to the schoolroom teacher-in-law.
text:I don't need to thank you. I know what you're talking about.	labels:You don't have to teach him now, do you?
text:I'm so busy right now, I don't have time for class to stop.	labels:Okay, I get it. I'm sorry. I'll see you later.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mrs. Ducay. Hello, sir. I'm another teacher. Would you like to know if he found out about the kid's final exam?	labels:I haven't checked today. I didn't mention that score the previous two days.
text:Yeah, we can start today.	labels:I can check it out today. I'll check it out later. Okay.
text:Okay, you check it out. Maybe the teacher will call you to confirm the grade. We'll go back. Okay?	labels:Okay.
text:You're welcome. That's it. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is this Miss Chung's phone call? Excuse me. I'm speaking English. Do you want to know if your child has a plan to catch up on English?I don't think so.Nothing.I don't think so.No. Can he ask him now if he's a senior or if he's already in college?I don't think so.College's over, right? Excuse me. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I'm sorry, you're calling from a non-resident's cell phone, plus zero. I'm sorry, you're dialing.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, it's okay.	labels:Hello, it's a suspicious mother. Yes, yes. Where are you? I'm a foreign language teacher.
text:Checked.	labels:How many scores do we have now?
text:Bad test.	labels:It's good to have 155. Right, do you remember the individual items?
text:I don't remember reading and translating.	labels:Well, well, you'll have an oral test sign-up in the back, and in these two days, you'll have to pay attention to this meeting.
text:Maybe because I haven't been trained, I think it's a low probability to go, right?I don't think so.I haven't been trained in the uh, uh, system, so maybe I'll come back and ask the kid for advice. If he wants to try, we'll take it. If he doesn't want to, you'll go back to the system.	labels:Yes, because we have an intensive examination class, which starts on Saturdays and Sundays, so if you tell your kids that he wants to, you can go to this training and then go to us.
text:Usually we have homework to do outside classes, and we may not be able to join this team, and we may consider going during the winter and summer holidays.	labels:Isn't that right?I don't think so.Okay.
text:All right, you'll know when you're cold.	labels:If you're cold, you'll be back in line.
text:How do you usually train for this test? Tell me, usually, if you train for the summer in the cold.	labels:It's dense, if you wait for the whole summer school, Monday to Friday, oh, yeah, and then it's about two weeks away.
text:The last two weeks were right.	labels:Intensified.
text:That's Monday to Friday. It's just like a written test. It's all day.	labels:Not all day, it's not that long, it's 35 hours.
text:Thirty-five hours.	labels:That time we had two and a half hours last two weeks. Here's the thing.
text:Oh, it seems like it's still possible.	labels:Yeah, I'll be there.
text:Ask Mr. Han, if he's in English, let's think about the winter break. If he thinks it's too short, maybe we think about the summer break or something, but we might think about it because he is after all.	labels:It only works for two years, that's right. Yeah, it's also a time node, and you can pay attention.
text:For the good, I know.	labels:Good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Liu Wanwoo. Hello.	labels:It's Sbs in English, isn't it?
text:You are English and foreign.	labels:And it's not sbs.
text:We do.	labels:Yeah? I want to sign up for my kids in second grade. Sbs wants to consult on this.
text:Have you spoken to the teacher here before?	labels:No, I called for the first time today.
text:Your kid's in second grade, right? Yeah. Have you studied anything before?	labels:It's been a long time since you've studied Reece in kindergarten.
text:Maybe there's some basis for what we heard, right?	labels:There's basically no basis. I think he's had a year. You guys have a basis in first grade.
text:It's supposed to be from the sbs now, isn't it?I don't think so.What starts with volume one of the sbs.	labels:Yes.
text:Which one of you is the right time? Friday, Saturday, Sunday?	labels:Best Friday night Friday.
text:Well, if we're here, I'll take a look.	labels:You signed up for the Sunday night.
text:There's a class. Can you do it on Sunday morning?	labels:What's the matter with Sunday morning? Friday night?
text:Since Sunday morning will be opened earlier, Friday night may be opened in November.	labels:November is right. Can you sign up across the area, or are you just in charge of Pudong?
text:What are you? You need to sign up on Pudong's side, right?	labels:Our home is in the Pudong newspaper, and then we can also be in the Pushi Luan newspaper.
text:Where are you going to be in class?	labels:Is that where you signed up?
text:Well, if you'll excuse us, can you come over here?	labels:It's okay, you Sunday.
text:It's 9:30 in the morning.	labels:When did you start your shift?
text:To ten.	labels:The beginning of the class at the end of October was correct. He had several people in one class.
text:This is under the mini class of 10.	labels:And then those kids were about the level.
text:They're both in second grade, with a third grade.I don't think so.Right. Okay.	labels:You just leave me a spot. I'll come by tomorrow.
text:You'll sign up tomorrow, won't you?	labels:How do you sign up?
text:Here's what we say: Sunday morning class, it's the bottom half of the sbs, starting in the middle, so it's better if you're in the class, um, you can bring your kids over for a test, like that.	labels:Yes, but he's here for the test. He's going to school tomorrow.
text:Can you bring him here after school?	labels:You can go to school, can't you?
text:We were there before, but after September 25, we moved to the new campus, where we had a general food city across from 800.	labels:Pudong Food City.
text:Yeah, it's just easier, it's in that circle.	labels:I know. I can't stop.
text:It's easier than it used to be. It's a lot closer to the garage now. Yeah.	labels:Pulling over is $10 an hour, right?
text:It's about $8.10, because parents listen to it.	labels:Then can parents sit in the classroom and learn?
text:You mean every class?	labels:Or right? Every time you come back after you've taught him, you'll have to tutor him.
text:If you want to know the style of the class for the first time, you can say hello to the teacher, but we don't recommend it because you're in there, because the child might be affected, yes, and you're going to help him study after class. We have a very systematic lecture here, and the words and grammar sections, and the teachers will be very clear in their lectures, so you can come back and help him study.I don't think so.Right.	labels:Then there's a teacher on their side.
text:On our side, we speak foreign languages as our own full-time teachers.	labels:What's the level?
text:First of all, we'll graduate from English, and then we'll split up from Angry, like our 8th class is a regular general school, where teachers are almost three years old in Aungli, so the teacher's block is absolutely good, yes.	labels:Then this class, this teacher, will follow them for how long.
text:This time we're done with sbs.	labels:Now this is the first book, the first book of the sbs, or the basic next book.
text:There's a time period for you today that's in the next book.I don't think so.So I'm saying you bring the kids here for a test, for Fridays, for Saturdays and Sundays, mostly because of the English level of your kids, right? What time are you coming tomorrow?	labels:Shouldn't it be 6:30, 7:00, 6:30?
text:So I'm going to test that content to include a word of hearing, and there are some basic grammars that are an entry test, and basically all the kids we're going to do is take part in the class, and then we're going to pick another class for you, and that's going to be more scientific and responsible for the children.	labels:And do you have something they've done or something you think is basic?
text:It is based on a foundation, and in part it distinguishes the extent of the child.	labels:I'm sure you can't get out of our house.
text:Second grade should be normal, just so you can start with first class or the second half, right? So you can see from one of its tests.	labels:What you just said about the Sbs is different from the mystery? You heard about the sbs.
text:Fort Gidder, isn't it?I don't think so.They do, too, but first they won't be so small.I don't think so.Yes, the second is different for our teachers, who, like other institutions, are afraid to say, but we're all full-time teachers on our side, so I think teachers are important, even though all of our teaching materials are this one, and one thing is that our teachings are different. You can see that he is very systematic, because the child may be small, he can't keep up with his own notes, and the second can affect the efficiency of the classroom.I don't think so.We've been helping him with a whole system, a framework for teaching, and you're better at learning what you're going to do in empty form.	labels:Yeah, and then he should try this one? There should be one.
text:If there is one of its terms, it is in a school like this in primary school, but it is more extensive than the school.I don't think so.Yeah, because it's relatively simple in school.	labels:This is for you once a week, right? That's right.
text:2.5 hours a week.	labels:Once he comes back, what's the word count on his back?
text:The focus of a lesson is basically about a dozen words.	labels:Does the teacher teach the way to remember the word?
text:Yes, because one of its sbs' books has a pronunciation, and each of them has a part on the back of each unit.	labels:Yeah, because now they don't learn the sound sign.
text:So the extreme is right, you haven't learned it two years ago, but you can just come over here and finish the test, and there's something in the sbs that, while it's not going to be systematic and complete for you, it's going to teach you how to go with some of the weak readings of the words, and some of the methods of recording the words, and the teachers can talk about them.	labels:And if you learn, you're going to learn junior high all the time down there, aren't you?
text:Depends on your schedule, because he's in the second grade, including the third and fourth grade, where you're supposed to choose a course that's primarily aimed at one of its primary schools, and there's a little promotion. So you're going to have to move on to the new concept.	labels:For a new concept that's popular now, like our second grade where you think he's better at sbs, he better go straight to the new one.
text:Depending on the content of the test, we also have a new concept for the second grade in our second grade, but in general there will be less because the base is good, otherwise it will be a lot harder to learn.	labels:That's the way our family certainly isn't fit for uh-huh.
text:So you can bring him over tomorrow for a test. What time do you think it's gonna be?I don't think so.6:30, right?	labels:6:30-7:00, let me ask you again, what are the holidays?
text:The hours are 20 weeks, the half side is 20 weeks, the whole side is 40 weeks, the whole 20 weeks.	labels:Are you full or half-measured?
text:Everything's right.	labels:And then what's the cost of each lesson?
text:We're at a total cost, and it's 8,800. It's 4800. Yeah, well, it's a little over 200 a week on average.	labels:So well, well, he can try a lesson.
text:Now that we've got no new classes, yes, and then the sbs are over, and there are no new classes, and then you can do this, because the first two classes are your chance to take an audition. Yes, after you start, you can change classes, you can move them, you can be flexible, you can refund them. They can be withdrawn from the first two classes.	labels:Okay, let's try it tomorrow.
text:Yes, you do. I'll send you our new address, and you'll leave me a contact.	labels:15802157331580215733, your last name?
text:It's called Xue. Sun, right? Sun, right?	labels:Does Ms. Sun still have a chance to teach outsiders?
text:We go on a course, and some of them are not.	labels:We're not.
text:Yeah, well, okay, so I'll text you later, okay? Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lee Wan Woo. Mr. Wang wants to ask Lu Xin. Okay, Lu Xiao.	labels:You said that.
text:The associate professor would like to ask, is there a Mr. Wong consulting on the new concept three that you reported on your side?I don't think so.Mr. Wong, that's right.	labels:He said he signed up, but I didn't get any information. He probably ran to the first floor.I don't think so.Yeah, but I called him later, and he's been plugged in, and I never found him because I put his phone in our system and searched for information that was not registered.
text:He's not supposed to be his mother's number. He says we've been giving him a phone number on his side, and he didn't tell me it was still there.	labels:I also asked him because I had called him twice or twice, and he kept saying that he had reported to me, and he kept refusing to give me the child's name. Because he said he was coming, but he didn't come up, and I sent him all the addresses. He said he was downstairs, he didn't come up, he didn't come to me, and I didn't know that, and he couldn't call the man, and then he couldn't call him again, or you could call him again, because I called him and he suffocated.
text:Just hit.	labels:No, I fought him a lot at the end of September.
text:I just asked him what I wanted to know. I asked me to sign up, and I asked him if his kid said you'd been asking. Right.	labels:He said he wouldn't give me his kid's name just because he signed up. Okay? Bye.	episode_done:True
text:I can't keep these two questions now, and then the phone goes off.I don't think so.Yeah.	labels:Hello, is this Wei Tao's parent? I'm a foreign language teacher. Would you like to know about English classes for children? What's going on? English classes for children? Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:There's a mother in Ais? The Allies are here, so hurry up, okay?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:All right. Hello. Your call is off.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm-hmm. Hello.	labels:Excuse me, is this your parents? I'm a teacher of the Angry language, so if I call you here, I'd like to do a written interview with a middle-level interpreter, and you've checked one of the child's middle-level scores.
text:I don't think I can find out. I can find out.	labels:All the other parents checked. Yeah, I've already started.I don't think so.I'm not sure, because when I first started calling, a few of my little friends had already found out.
text:Right? Because yesterday I told him I was right.	labels:Yesterday wasn't out yet.I don't think so.We can check today. Can you take a look?
text:I'll go back to my daughter and ask him to check it out.	labels:Okay. Well, no matter what else, I'd like to see one of your pass rates, because if we're here, we'll count one pass rate. Okay, well, I'll see you later.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mr. Lee, hello, is this the Dapbridge campus? Hello, this is what I'm doing here. You have a CC on your side just called to ask me to turn off a new Otto Whitburn from Jung Ding-ho, and I don't know who's calling you.	labels:It's me.
text:He's like this. He's already in class here, so do you need to go back to work?	labels:It's just that he's going to transfer to our class now, and then because if you turn for me, I'm going to have to do it, because he's not enough, and if you can help him take the rest, because he tells me he's going to 30, and he's going to 30, and he's going to 30, and then you're going to help him count the rest of the class, and then you're going to help him make a cabbage back to Caban, and I'm going to do it directly.
text:Yes, that's right, because he's got the instruments and the materials here, so I'm here to help him take them off.	labels:If you don't, I won't send it to him, or if you don't, I'll send him another one.
text:So I mean, either I'm gonna cut him off, and when you give him the money, you're gonna pay him a few books, and you're gonna cut him off.I don't think so.Well, that's a good idea, so I'll take a few of his classes, and I'll take the rest back to Cabin, and then you'll drop off one of your courses in his carbine, and then I'll take a few off your side, because he's got everything on the side. Thank you very much. That's better. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:I'd like to ask you, I've got two direct calls from the back of you. Do you have any classes in the middle of the day around 1 p.m.?
text:It's a hard-on, isn't it? A hard-on.I don't think so.Middle-level oral examinations for lectures.I don't think so.I'll show you, parents, you say 1-4:00 on Sunday is a long-haired class, not a golden class.	labels:Then I haven't read my gold prize yet.
text:And then the golden class is 6:30-9 a.m. Saturday.	labels:Not even this time. So you'll be working again?
text:I think it's time to get to cold vacation intensive classes, which are now available.	labels:You're basically off in October. You're going to work for the winter break. Yeah.
text:Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh...	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Your call is on the phone.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lin Wai Woo, noon.	labels:It doesn't love homework. Love actually loves the APP in the homework.
text:Do business.	labels:APP to do it?
text:Do the pie's five phones, right? There's a teammate who wants to.I don't think so.There's five acres, more than five meters, and I don't think we'll strengthen it.	labels:Go home? He can only use the PAD version, the I job can't get off the phone, and it's actually started.
text:At the same time, colleagues fed each other's personality, Mau Amin. That's right. Well, I'm expecting to hear about you two. Okay, bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hi, it's Han Ki-chul's dad. I'm here to talk to you about the kid's senior year. He doesn't need to be anywhere else. Excuse me. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:You don't have the right to say no. Don't you see?	labels:It's all about your sister.
text:Of course my life in love is expensive, and I don't have to delete it.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, your call is in the middle of a call. Please call later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:Hello, you speak foreign languages. Hello.	labels:What kind of network do I have down there? We're kind of common here. Yeah, I'd like to consult, small enough to be satisfied, See.I don't think so.I think it's all right. Ben's got this one. Just tell me I've had enough of what I've just done.
text:Thirty-one sessions of the 59th of 30 years are basically as good a date as you are, right?	labels:1/2 you can always turn your back on a direct hand.
text:I'll give it to you first, basically until it suits you and White, yeah.	labels:So now you're going to say anything about the men who are yours, right?I don't think so.So I've signed up. Some of them, right? You lied to me, didn't you?
text:Because first, I'm basically a background person who doesn't have a background, and I'm pretty much a background person.	labels:I told you there's no heaven to move, right.
text:Because I almost gave it to you first, and I didn't move.	labels:Because the focus is on the light.
text:They were all half an hour apart from me, with a week-long entry into the center of the Party Bank of 9 - 3:30, 3 d below 3 p.m. At the end of secondary school, only on the basis of a specific farm house.	labels:You know what you're talking about, 15-1. I think I'll be here in at least a week.
text:This trip is bigger when you look like something, yeah.	labels:So if you come one week later, say you're flying for more than 100 bucks.
text:Almost 10, 10, 10 miles.	labels:Forty-four.
text:Right about a year. Right.	labels:Where is that?I don't think so.I've been here a long time to talk.
text:It's basically what I say when I'm young and young, it's basically about the elderly, because when they say that they're young people's leave, it's the same thing as when you're a teacher or when you're a textbook. It's just that you're not even a teenager, so you just think that you're giving extra-curricular tutorials, that a lot of parents have come to the new East before, and that's who I'm protecting, because, like the overnight crashes, they're doing mobile phones like this, and I can't do it if it's convenient.	labels:There's nothing left in the center of the house.
text:Tokyo might have come to China to visit Guo Moo's family.	labels:Obama's heavy perfume, OK, so either I give him another home.
text:It's good to lose.	labels:I also lost a lot because we were both one of my classes moving forward.
text:All of me.	labels:I'm already going up there. Do you understand him?I don't think so.That means most of them are already out of their minds, okay?
text:Who's Qing calling you first? It's probably 61% of the juvenile firefighters who are irresponsible, and it's warmer.	labels:Hand-to-hand, I'll play the rules on the one hand.
text:Right.	labels:Right?I don't think so.I don't know about cleaning up, but I'd like to listen to communication and take my local limbs like that.
text:Well, because I'm fast enough to press the set, and the new East is almost gone at night, because I remember what it means to think that I've been working on a project like this, and that's why the module basically believes that you've got a teacher holding a high salary.I don't think so.I will prove it to you that the Medical Insurance Council is a factory centre of this kind for other manufacturers.	labels:It is certain to go out, and the part-time category to be regulated.
text:There's a different demand for teachers, yes.I don't think so.The arrival at the address of 12.52 at the end of September, together with the teacher's handout, which was a very good one, was all added, because a lecture was signed up too many times.	labels:I've never been anonymous enough to grow an antiquity in the past.
text:Okay.	labels:I can't be mistaken for my brother, who's crying because of the smell of your throat.
text:Right?	labels:Life is in every way. Life's wife is expensive, yes.I don't think so.I'll just have to make a serious choice if I have a choice.
text:I can't remember that, because the list of farmers might be too fast. It's assumed that everyone on the Internet should die.	labels:No, you're in charge of the road.
text:Fossello is a foreign language man, isn't he?	labels:Yeah, so he suggested that I still have something to add.
text:For Deok-kyung.I don't think so.I know you're helping me with this. I'll get you my day.	labels:A small class of 201 has been admitted to the hospital.
text:Is this true? I know I'm in the third and fourth year of primary school. Good mother, can you leave me a contact? I'll send the address to your phone, and I'll see you in the community tomorrow morning.	labels:Okay, 1360.
text:1360181857287528, I repeat, 13601847528, right?	labels:Clothes.
text:You know what's good for you? Okay, wait for you.	labels:You're good luck.
text:It's hard to do it, Kunming's doing it pretty hard, and I'm sure who's going to make the deal after three. Okay, nice and nice. Well, we're here together. We've been helping you on our cell phone since then, and maybe because we're more likely to have more of a variety of feelings, because we've got more of a school, and junior high school is like the one with all the pressure to break the middle caliber, so I'm really here for you, if I've just given me time to get it done, okay? Keep doing it like this.I don't think so.Outside.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, King's foreign language.	labels:I'm the one with the King's foreign language.
text:Which one of the parents is Song?	labels:Let me take a look at the car.
text:What's my number?	labels:13585706839.
text:13585706839, are you Song's parents or Yuan's parents?	labels:Brother Song.
text:What's going on with Yuan?	labels:Yuan's family signed up with them.
text:Who am I supposed to be looking for?	labels:What you're talking about right now is Tofu.
text:Who am I looking for?	labels:You went to Yuan's house because we didn't read it this year, the originals were fake, that's all.	episode_done:True
text:This time was ours.	labels:Hey, big friend. Hi. I'm Ms. Wang Yu.
text:I think.	labels:That's all right, I'm just talking about remedials, because the last one might have to be updated. Maybe the previous class isn't there. If you're free, do you think he'll have time on Sundays, for example after Mr. Chen finishes?I don't think so.Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.I don't think so.Okay, well, maybe we don't have to wait that long, which means we should wait about three or three weeks.
text:We don't have anything to do with the music. It doesn't matter. Okay.	labels:Okay, okay. Next time, we'll have a general vacation notice on our side, and this way.
text:Mm-hmm, I actually saw it, but the impression in my head was September 4th.	labels:I'll make it up to you later, okay?	episode_done:True
text:Okay, go ahead.I don't think so.Did you get a re-enactment?I don't think so.Ms. Wang Lija, right?I don't think so.Right.I don't think so.I'm sorry, I'm Wang Wai, I just called, they didn't send a call yesterday, I'm looking for Mr. Lu Kaiyan, I'm looking for half a day, I see they didn't do it yesterday, and I'm making them quick, because I'm waiting for the answer, good trouble, sorry, good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Okay.I don't think so.Hi, I'm Ms. Enrique. Hi, I checked with you. Sbs has a class from 3.86 Saturday afternoons to 3:30 to Saturdays.	labels:We'd better be on Friday, because he's reading over there, and if we actually live there, I'll probably be a long way back on Saturdays.
text:It's better Friday? There's five shifts a week. I think it's October. He's 3:30-6.	labels:The 3:30-6 p.m. has already spoken or said something about it.
text:The class is also new and may start in November, but I should have seen it in November.I don't think so.This class is supposed to start around November 13.	labels:It starts around November 13th, right? What time is it?
text:3.30 - 6 p.m.	labels:It's the same time at 3:30-6. Where's the class?
text:Is this where you were last time you didn't come to try? Or did you try?	labels:Last time I tried, I didn't go.
text:We're talking about the Pudong Food City Liquor Building.	labels:It's just a new place, isn't it? Yes.
text:Or I'll send you the whole address. I'll send you a text message.	labels:I'll check it out after I send it, and I'll tell you if there's anything that hasn't changed, or if the SB is what it is now? One or 211, and then it's not two, and then it's one.
text:New concept one.	labels:Okay, I got it. Send it to me.
text:All right, I'll take that time.	labels:Is there a shift between the kids?
text:You said the shift was in the first place.	labels:You're going to let us test the meaning of that? Hmm.
text:Basically, we test it because it's the primary test, depending mainly on some of your classes, and if you don't go to this group now and then to the other classes, it's probably basically the same level of access.	labels:Do you have a point now?
text:There's basically a need to meet the requirements of new concept one. I'm in at this level.	labels:Do you have any idea which class you're in now?
text:Still no point? Now the parents are not sure, or the host parents are not sure if they're the whole situation, because they haven't called me back.	labels:Now, if they don't, we'll come in ourselves. Does that score have anything to do with your current class?
text:If that's the case, I suggest that maybe some of them can start with a new concept, but if they have more than 70 points like them, for example, about 80 points, I suggest they start with the sbs.	labels:So if it's really good, you don't have to read it to sbs, right?
text:You don't have to read it for something very good.	labels:Sbs.
text:It's mostly about words and hearing.	labels:You know what? Why don't you send me that?
text:Okay.	labels:Okay, I'll tell you when I'm sure.
text:Okay, good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, your caller is on the phone.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I don't think he's going to do it with Henan. I'm telling you, I don't know how many numbers they'll want to go. Bring your girlfriend back. Hello, is this Wang Jo-hyun's parents? I'm here to ask him if he's got a written exam for middle-level interpreters this year. How many points did he get?	labels:I haven't checked lately.
text:Check it out, huh?I don't think so.Take a look at it at your convenience, because we're now counting the pass rates, okay.	labels:There's another one of my teachers on the note who can check out how many classes he hasn't had before him.
text:You have to ask me in a letter, because I'm only in charge of statistics. Okay, bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Dad.I don't think so.Mom.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Let your eyes be bright and my arms will be home and say, "Thank you." There's no choice. From here, I'll move, you'll love the grade center. Why does the school show me our country?	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:Buh. Hi, I'm Angry's teacher, so let me tell you this is the beginning of class. Then I'm going to add a few letters to you. I don't think I've done it before. I'm going to add a few letters to you. I'm going to put you in class. We'll send you homework every day, you'll have a small signal. I'll check your cell phone number. I'll call Yu Hua. Okay, I'll add you later, and I'll pull you to class. Okay?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:And there are 10, two of them. Fifteen are the ones that contain your eyes that will light up, and my arms that will meet, so say there was no choice in the early part of the world.	labels:Isn't that right? I'm a foreign language teacher. Hello. You asked the kid about 20,000 people at the airport last time. Right. Are you still thinking about it? Because I helped you with the teacher last time, because you said there might be a few missed classes? Right.
text:Let's start with today's lesson.	labels:Yeah, a little bit, huh?I don't think so.You can do that. You can talk to the teacher about your remedials, and then you can arrange for them to be taken care of. All right?
text:That's what we didn't drop before.	labels:Right.
text:The main thing is that there is no time to make up for it, like that, and it's going to be a lot of trouble later, you can do that.	labels:If you notice that we have a signal when we're off in the cold, you can go to that intensive class and probably make up for it in a few days, okay?
text:You keep an eye on it.	labels:Yeah, and the other one is that we have this kind of lecture on Saturdays, the lecture on the walker.
text:I've got a kid friend on a strip test this time. I want to see how he's doing. I'll talk to you later, okay?	labels:You said springtime, didn't you?
text:No, he did it once, he did it on October 5th, he was naked, he didn't attend class, so I wanted to see what he did, and I'll talk to you later. Okay.	labels:Okay, let's do this, uh, okay, bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, Tol Yong's parents. Hi, I'm Mr. Ali Yang. Hi, General. I've been here almost two months since Monday afternoon. I'll call you back.I don't think so.Cao Jianwen is relatively serious about reflecting him in class, and in class he's also mostly the most serious at listening to, listening to, and speaking to classes, and he's got a better handwriting. And it's got a word that's like an egg. It's probably too hard to write more words in the house, and by touching it, he's probably got words that he doesn't remember very well, and he's probably going to come home and write more words.I don't think so.But he's in the class of Liu Hai, and he's the most serious one who's going to call you today, and he's going to call you this week, and he's going to tell you the whole story again when you come to class.	labels:We'll talk when Quiet gets in the car.
text:Okay? Okay. Thank you very much.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Activities.	labels:Hello, is this Wang Newdy's parents? Where are you? I'm a foreign language teacher. Want to know if there's any need for English classes here? No.	episode_done:True
text:Pupa mm-hmm.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Okay, the number you have dialed is not available for the moment. Please call later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:The parents just want me to reflect that I went the other day.	labels:Mr. Wang.
text:The funnyest thing is, I'm calling Wang Hainan on the wrong number. Hello, are you the parents of Chai Zhouzuki? Hello, I'm the teacher of Angry Foreign Language. Is that right, my little friend was in a middle-level interpreter class on our side before? And yesterday, because I called you, I asked you a point in the mid-level written test, and because you said you didn't check it yesterday, and today I called you to see if your scores were checked?	labels:I checked yesterday, yesterday.I don't think so.Haven't you?
text:I don't think so. How much can you say?	labels:120 124.
text:124, huh?	labels:Okay.
text:It's a shame. If you want to ask the kid, who's one of his teachers?	labels:Keep an eye on the delay of a week, and you'll find the last 11 holidays in it.
text:It's a good boy teacher, right? Well, it's a shame, 'cause there's a high score in your class here, and it's a real shame if you haven't had one on your side, and what do you know about the kid on your side of the list?I don't think so.Three singles of hearing reading and translation.	labels:I kind of don't remember. One's a class starter. There's five or six here. There's twenty, one's fifty, and there's one.
text:Three pairs, look at his 124. Would you like to see which one of his single exams is not ideal?	labels:The last one of one seems to be 24 in the middle or the morning before.
text:Don't you remember? Good sign.	labels:But in the end.
text:Okay, but I see the kid here is 1st grader. He's 2nd grader, right? Good, because it's actually harder than a year or a year, and it's a shame to say 124, because it's 1.5 million countries, but basically he may have a little less hearing, because basically he has more than 70 minutes of hearing, which is probably one of his hearing problems.I don't think so.Right.	labels:I don't know. I don't have time anyway.I don't think so.Yeah, well, there was a little school going.
text:That's right, right? If you want to improve your abilities, then do you want to follow up on them? Think about it? It's very tight for a while, right?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Isn't that right, Mom Liu? I'm a teacher at Ulrich and Tao Pu School. Hello, Friday, we'll be at 4:15 to 6:15, class starts this week.	labels:And then 4:15 on the other hand.
text:Then we'll be in class the day after Friday, and then I just added you a message here, and we'll have a microscopic.	labels:I'm surprised.
text:I think who added you to the class, and when I added you to the class, we'd get homework every time we went to class, and we'd send it to the group.	labels:What do I have to bring in over 11 million dollars? I brought it, didn't I?
text:You'll have to bring a glass of water to the kids and then a pen with a stationery.	labels:It wasn't a copy. It was a prep.
text:You don't have to take it with you. It's for the kids to study at home, and then there's something in the class.	labels:Do you want the notebook?
text:You don't have to bring your notebooks. Our notes are always on hand, and it's easy to review them.	labels:Thank you very much.
text:Just do it right, bye.	labels:How many kids are there now?
text:Class now has six little friends.	labels:Because one of them has a heart, and I know them too.
text:Yeah, we don't have more than 10 people in this class anyway. We're mini-class. That's fine. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:Hello. The number you're calling is a non-resident's number.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Okay.	labels:Tell you to go to Misha.
text:Hi, Dad. I'm Miss Lee.	labels:Did you check his score? What's the score? 188, that's pretty high, isn't it?
text:Hearing's good, 80 points.	labels:That's what he's really good at, and when I'm done, you'll read 80 points of hearing.
text:It's a good reading, too. It translates.	labels:The worst thing about it is Han-young's bad for Han-young's 29.5.	labels:Then.
text:The bank is 36.5788.	labels:Take a look at 80+44 = 84-188.
text:That's Han-young. He's bad.	labels:For Cantonese Han-young.	labels:He himself said at the time that he said that he had spelled the theft of the Bounty Forum, and he said that his word might have given him a wrong pronunciation because it was inside.
text:He's in sixth grade, isn't he?	labels:It's sunrise now.	labels:And what school is that?	labels:Outside.	labels:Outside, huh?
text:World Secondary School of Foreign Languages.	labels:World high school in foreign languages. Mm-hmm.Talk to the 7th.If you're free, you'd better let him go.	labels:Secondary school.
text:He's going to high school with this grade.	labels:He didn't do it, he did it very well, and if I look at more than 10 people now, the first is 2,205 and the second is 188.
text:Yeah, I'm looking at 205 called 00 or something.	labels:Nothing.	labels:Right before Don.	labels:He's taller than his junior year student.	labels:He understands withholding 54? The previous month's 6:54? What 654? I'm not saying that he interviewed Lee's sister for the money.	labels:Right, 205 changed.
text:Han-young is 39.5, I've seen it.	labels:He was a better translator than he was, but he didn't have a better translator. He had a good reading and a 56-point reading test, which was tantamount to only two skins being taken.	labels:It's almost all right for him.	labels:Right.
text:And did you talk to his mother?	labels:How do you get on that test? Do you get on a lecture class or an intensive class?	labels:But I'm going to class on Sunday.	labels:You want to go to class on Sunday? What about your first class? We'll make it up on Saturday, right?
text:Yes, we'll make it up to you later.	labels:All right, I'll tell the teacher what you say on Saturday.	labels:You'll be a normal person then.
text:How come I didn't report it before.	labels:I'll just turn you around when you get here.	labels:Yeah, because I remember what you said when you came, and I'm on my side.	labels:Let's see how you turn.
text:One-on-one.	labels:600 an hour, then he arrives on Monday.	labels:You watch your own time on Friday night.
text:Evening. That's it.	labels:It'll be easier without Monday to Thursday night.	labels:We don't have time to be late. Where do we have time so far?	labels:It is difficult to arrange for a six-week week, and it is easier for teachers to arrange for you on a six-week week.
text:Well, he actually said one thing.	labels:You're about a month away? If you're sure you want to take your class into account in this batch, you're gonna have to work a month, maybe once or twice a week.	labels:His problem now is that he's about to get his midterm, because many people have more problems.	labels:For you to arrive.	labels:If you can't do it again, we can try it first, okay?
text:Why don't you talk to him about what's more appropriate.Talk to the 7th.You could be on Saturdays or something.	labels:It's not Sunday, is it? Yeah.	labels:I'll help you with this class on Sunday.
text:Okay, good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, your caller is not available for the moment. Please call later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:You want my screen, you tell Mr. Wu, you say yours.	labels:Hi, I'm Miss Liu Yifan's mother. How are you? I'm with Ms. Ally Lee. You're with the teacher.
text:I'm fine with the rainbow mouth.	labels:Where did you go to Hiromoto? I'm sorry, because you're up there. I thought you were over there.
text:You wait a little while and I have a call. Okay, I'm good. Give me a second. I'm just going downstairs.I don't think so.Hang up today, his Ih2.1's still alive, it's going to explode, it's going to explode. I can't help it if they don't wrap it up in the window. I can't find anyone today at 4:00. I can't find him because he didn't report anything like that.I don't think so.Whoever he found today won't be able to find out, because they left by the bus at 4.30 p.m., and I've been rushing you on this board all day early today.I don't think so.My bus just came up to wrap up four floors, and I didn't score, and I couldn't put it on top and I'll fix you up again. There's only one man I can't run, safe on the shelf, and the last sausage still hasn't come out, and let me keep an eye on, okay?I don't think so.Anyway, I can't leave tomorrow. That's the way it is, so I'll see you today.	labels:It's okay, we have a school festival this week, so you've told me before that if you're going to read it, I'll let you know if you want to come over and listen to the lectures, and after the school festival, we'll give you $25,000, and then we'll give you $20,000.
text:What we're comparing now, I think we're going to go to school now, and I'm going to let him keep up with the rhythm, and I'm not thinking about it for now, because I think it's painful that he's not keeping up with the school.	labels:Isn't he supposed to be a good class?
text:But he went to this school, and he was under a lot of pressure to go to another science class.	labels:Because I also have a boy's student today, and so is he, who's been reading a new concept two here, and he says the school is under a lot of pressure, but he says he's going to stop with a situation in the non-working class, so I'll ask you this.
text:I'm going to save the school now, because I'm still more critical over there, and I'm supposed to be working fast in English anyway, I think.	labels:All right, you think about it.
text:One moment at that school, because I think it's hard to look at him if he doesn't keep up with it, and if he doesn't have any confidence behind him, we're basically not thinking about it, so we're giving it to him now.	labels:Okay, so if you need anything on your side, you can call me when you need it. All right, good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:It's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, because we want to feed you now. Hi, when all the property is finished in October, you're the only one to say that.	labels:Because we have a meeting ahead of us. Let me take a look at it. The kids know that we're starting a new class on Saturday, and we're starting a new class, which means that we didn't have a class that you've seen before, where we're starting a new class, where we're going to go to class 10, and we're going to go to class 78, so if you're going to move to this class, it might take a long time.
text:It wasn't me who wanted to ask you, yes, because when I called the front desk, it was because you were your concept yesterday.	labels:You wait for me for two minutes.
text:I'll ask him for a visa, and I'll call him later, okay? Okay, you'll talk about it. Good-bye. If you think about it, then I'll say he's online, and I think if they think about it, he's got a problem, right?I don't think so.This company's problem with us, and I think it's the last way to learn what other procedures are.	labels:You used to be Mr. Liu Dan's class? We're talking about Fridays, Saturdays, and we don't have the right class in the morning, we don't have the right class, we've got more than 30 classes, we've got 36 classes.
text:It's like there's a weather in there.	labels:9 a.m. to 9 a.m. one up to 36 grams.
text:It's all yours.	labels:Yeah, well, we've got a little bit more mini-classes on our new campus, not even the big ones.
text:On Friday.	labels:Friday at 3.30 p.m. - 6 p.m. Is that okay? Friday at 3.30 p.m. - 6 p.m.
text:It's too late.	labels:If there's no other Saturday, there's a new class to attend lesson 4. 6:30-900 pairs.
text:Take your time, sir, and I'll take that shift on Saturday morning, then that class, and then what other class, for example, I could come by on Sunday.	labels:66 can, because we're up to 2024 grams, 23.23 grams and a half to 36 grams, so I'd like to wear 12, 13 grams and 13, 14 grams, so that in 14 grams, 15 eight to nine times and so on, it's close.
text:Three months, tomorrow's class, right? Which class is that? October 17th, our new class?	labels:That's about eight times to make up for.
text:Why don't you return to me eight times?I don't think so.Three points.	labels:There's no way out of this, but there's only one way to make it up to you, but there's a risk that eight classes for your middle friends will overlap.
text:What did he write? What do you mean, October 24th?	labels:That means you're going to read twice a week, so you tell me Saturday morning.
text:Can I make up a lesson? You've got a chance to make up for it now.	labels:Do you have time for Sunday? Sunday, 12:30 to 3 p.m., there's eight classes on the opening line. If you say you're with this class, it's Saturday, Sunday, so the kids don't have to be so tired, 12 o'clock.I don't think so.That's right, it's a class, it's a class.
text:I'd like to ask you what kind of teacher these classes are on Saturdays in class 3, 36? Who is it?	labels:Lesson 36 is a female teacher at Confucius.
text:Kind of experienced, isn't it?	labels:Experience has been here for over three years.
text:Yes.	labels:When you see the place on the curriculum vitae, what you can see on the official web is the peace of peace, and the Queen is the queen of the mountain of Kunlun.
text:On Sunday afternoons.	labels:This is the case on Sunday, when Mr. Chung Tian Teng is in class 8 and he goes to another class if you want to follow this class and if you want to make it up to you later.
text:What do you mean?	labels:On Friday night, you said I just got to 10 grams on Friday night, 5 grams on Friday night, and 10 grams on Sunday, a little faster than that.
text:When does Friday night come to class, not 3:30-6.	labels:Not for the 3:30-6 shift. No. Sunday if you're going with Sunday class.
text:Right not 8-9 times.	labels:Not if I'm saying you're moving to this class. Can you do it this time? Sunday.
text:You're saying I'm completely transferred to this class, and this class is right on Sunday.	labels:It's also eight classes on the mini-line, so you said you went to class 23, so you waited in the middle.
text:I don't want to find this time for me too much, but I can't do it right now. If you don't have any time for me, I'll have to go to this class. But I don't want to go on Sunday. I'm going on Saturday morning or Friday night.	labels:If you move to this class, you'll have to wait a long time.
text:I can't do it when I don't have the noon time. I can't do it when you say 3:30. You can do it later, like between 6:30 and 8:30 or sometime.	labels:6:30-9:00.
text:It's 6:30-9.	labels:From 6:30 to 9 p.m. only attends class 4.
text:That means there are two options: one Friday at 6:30-9:13 p.m., lesson four is still available.	labels:One is Sunday's first lesson eight.
text:Saturday is class 36, right.	labels:Saturday pairs, now 23 classes for kids, which means that if you want to be almost flat, there's no right class for the contract, not Friday night, Friday night, Friday night, shift to this class.I don't think so.Because we're basically mini-classes now, so sometimes one or two places are missing.
text:I'm still like this. I'd like to move on to Saturday morning. It's still empty, right?	labels:Saturday morning, he's taking 36 classes. There's another place in this class.
text:I know I'm going to confirm it right now, and then I'm going to answer you? I'm going to make sure today.I don't think so.I'll show up tomorrow morning if I can.	labels:So you follow this class, and then some of the lessons that follow, and you can go back to the class where Mr. Liu Dan is now? If you can go back to the class, you move to the class, then the class goes back to the class, and it goes back to class 36. No way.
text:I'll try, but I guess there's no other way. I'll have to come to class 36 in the morning, then Sunday afternoon, but there are only eight of them.	labels:You've been waiting a long time for this.
text:I can make it up to you once, and I don't have 5th to 9th, and you haven't told me.	labels:If lesson 5 goes to lesson 9, will you fix it on Friday night?I don't think so.He's in lesson 4 on Friday, and you can make it up tonight.
text:Four grams.	labels:Half on it.
text:It may not be possible to come back today, and if so, I will make up six or seven grams next week, or eight or nine grams.	labels:Okay, let's go.
text:I'll check this one out in a minute.	labels:All right, all right. Bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Education is over.	labels:What do you do? A staircase. Hi, Tsin Chul's parents.I don't think so.I've got 8 million regular, but I've seen you have a name for the ticket, right? I'll change the ticket for you. I'll ask you when you can come over. I'm on Friday.
text:Why don't you go? I'll take the kids to class.	labels:Yes, you come to me, my last name is Liu, Wen-Ki-Lu.
text:Miss Lau? I'll be around 3:30. I'll be there at 3:30. Okay.	labels:All right, good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Miss Jung. Yes, I'm a foreign language teacher. Did you consult a basic English interpreter for your children? It's been a long time. Do you need a basic interpreter now?	labels:No, which one are you? 800 and a half.I don't think so.Okay, I'm busy right now. If I need you, I'll ask the kids if they want to call you. Yes.
text:What grade are you in now?I don't think so.Right? Did you learn from the new concept two? No.I don't think so.Starling didn't learn, did he not have time or something?	labels:No learning no time, right.
text:You can do that, because we have a lecture on Saturday today, and you can have time to listen to it.	labels:I don't think so. I know, I need to call you. I'm busy right now.
text:Okay, I'm sorry to bother you, bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lin Wei-woo, where's Hu Wen-bin? He's off today. Okay, bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lynn. Hello.	labels:I'm on the market side, and then we'll be at your campus in about an hour. Is that a gift you can pick up?
text:You can call us when you get there.	labels:All right, I'll hit the plane, right? Yeah.
text:Okay, thank you. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:The phone you are calling is dialed off. Hello, you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mr. Zhang, is your father right? Did you check out the results of the written exam for me? Which teacher are you? What teacher are you? I'm a teacher or what? I'm a teacher at the Foreign Language Front because I'm back in the interview, I'm taking the results of the written exam this year. He didn't take the exam this year, right? You guys signed up for the 16th exam this year?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Hee-woo.	labels:It's called Jang-hoon. It's not Xu Meng-gwang. It's a material package.
text:Oh, let's see. She'll drive three more, three more, yes, five more.I don't think so.Grippak is in Griballo, he was in Griballo, then you say.	labels:Saturday morning is not, starting at noon.
text:We'll weigh it down from noon.	labels:The weight now wins in a couple of years.
text:A year or two, a year.	labels:Five ts to follow each.
text:Two people think I am.	labels:I don't remember it's in the middle of nowhere, it's 120.
text:You're 110 at 12:30, then the last two are 150.	labels:You drive 150, too, right.I don't think so.You really are all three classes.
text:How much is it spreading?	labels:Liao Song age.
text:Who are you to talk about twice as much as I can?	labels:Jue's mission is not reasonable, Ok plays on the back of the dynasty.
text:Alissa pressurized it.	labels:It's not the main class that gives people a chance, then one at 11110 p.m., and two at 150 p.m., all of them were Susan.
text:Okay, I got it. Thank you. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Okay, go ahead.	labels:Is Miss Gu here?
text:Mr. Gu is off work. Which parent are you from work?	labels:Yeah? I've been here this afternoon for an audition. Did you say you got a little friend's bag?
text:Wait a minute. Did you drop it at the front desk?	labels:No, it's supposed to be room two.
text:I'm leaving, and I'm going to turn this off, and I haven't drilled you in yet. I'll wait one night. I'll be right here.I don't think so.I asked you to join the group. What's the matter with you?	labels:Hello.	labels:That's...	labels:What does it look like? This is an analysis of your text.	labels:But the audio-visuals remember it all their lives, don't they?I don't think so.Understood.	labels:Now is it possible to set it up? I'll go to the client again, because it's true you don't know, I guess.	labels:These guys I'm 1.29 is good for you.	labels:It's an old one for the fireman, isn't it?	labels:I don't want to go that way, you know.	labels:Because I just woke up. I'm here to make sure it's tough.	labels:Mmm-hmm-hmm.
text:All right.	labels:I can't record it in a minute.I don't think so.Okay, thanks.	labels:Did I have an expiration date today because I was walking out to make Xiao Lung go out?
text:It's because of this man.	labels:The whole place is somewhere.
text:I guess all right, I'm busy with you.	labels:If it's surgery.
text:Still no good.	labels:Why don't you wait on the side of the road?
text:You told me to forget. You asked me to change my name, and you told me to change it.I don't think so.Mr. Yang said.	labels:You really don't have a good day.	labels:Ma Shinzema is not nervous.	labels:Are you finished without this?	labels:Yes, because we're sure you and someone else are going to help you. Did I go on that one?	labels:No? I'd like to get a good, uh-huh.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Huang Luang's mother? Hello, I'm speaking foreign language.	labels:Reply to the schoolteacher.
text:Hi, you signed up for a new concept one, right? Then tell me, Saturday at 12:30, we're starting classes.	labels:Okay.
text:Then we'll have a microblogging group here. I'll put a mother's message on it, and then I'll pull you into the group.	labels:Yeah, my number's on it, right?
text:I'll give you my word. Okay, good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Then get a card and tell him this to me, okay?I don't think so.Mm-hmm.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Why didn't we pick it up, were we stolen or had a spy let him see it? There's a scout here, there's a pair here to see who put it here. Hello, Sun Ho's mom. Right? I'm Mr. Wu's teacher, Ally?	labels:Hello.
text:I saw what you said in your e-mail. He wanted to teach.	labels:When do you start speaking?
text:We have a class from 8:30 a.m. to 11.30 a.m. on Saturday morning.	labels:Do you have any other time?
text:It's already started at other times, and for you it's been one or two sessions.I don't think so.Four classes in total.	labels:That's four lessons, isn't it?
text:Right.	labels:Because 8:30 to 10:00 a.m. is a physics.
text:Physics can be changed, because, in this case, if you are going to take the November intensive examination class, then if we are going to strengthen the course, we are going to have the November examination, then the intensive course itself is four classes, and there are four classes, because there is no way to replace them, so let's just say that you can't change your time in physics classes outside, otherwise there's no other time.	labels:I'd like to ask them, that's reading, because it's 12:30 to 15:00? You can read it later.
text:It's for reading. I'm on your side of the class. I've just seen it three times, so there are 11 times left, and if you need to adjust, I can start reading again.	labels:Yeah, that's what I do. If he goes to oral classes in the morning, he goes to physics in the middle, then he doesn't read, he can read.
text:Or we'll do it later.	labels:Because he has other lessons for the afternoon, right?I don't think so.What time are you from 8:00 a.m. to 8:00 a.m.?
text:8.30:30:30:30 ~ 11.30.	labels:Three hours at a time.
text:For a total of 12 hours, four times, three times.	labels:You're on Saturdays four times.
text:The time is fixed. He's dying. Feed well.	labels:Let me tell him that you signed me up first, and then our expenses were not already delivered.
text:You have a fee, right? Just give me a second, two minutes, and I'll take a look.	labels:You guys.
text:Did you pay for an oral test class before?I don't think so.It's a gold class, but it's a 3,000-dollar intensive class, and it's a 3600 class, so there may be a price difference between that and a transfer to a Saturday class, for example, if I had a discount, it'd have a discount, and I'd keep the extra fee.I don't think so.Then, for example, what difference would you make in any other course?	labels:How many classes are you going to school?
text:The lecture was about 35,35 hours and 3600 pairs, and it was a second-stage course.	labels:How many hours do you actually have? Three hours.
text:Twelve hours for the $3,000.	labels:I'd like to ask you when you started the clearing.
text:December 5th. Saturday night 6:30 to 9 p.m. The exam is for May next year.	labels:But if I'm going to take the November exam this time, I'm going to have to take the intensive class, yes.I don't think so.If you can, you can change it, and then you can pay $600 more. Can't you give it back?
text:If I sit you in the pre-set class first, if you pass, then you can come back, because what grade are you in?	labels:You said that.
text:If there are other courses after you in the second year, it's possible, for example, to refer to retrenchment as long as you return an invoice for a price difference. If you actually have a preference, how much do we pay you back, for example, according to the preference, but you can rest assured that the second course is also preferential for you?	labels:I'd like to ask you, which test is he on in November?
text:Here's the test. There's still a difference between the written examination and the written examination. The written examination is complete for all the candidates in one day, right?I don't think so.So the test starts on October 24, October 16, and will be signed up within the week of October 24, so it will also require you to change the test, and it will have four examinations from November 8, then 15, 22, 29, and you will change it later, for example, on the first day of the examination, because on the first day of the examination, he will put you on the eighth.I don't think so.Because if I had 100 places on the 8th, then you'd change 100 people and he'd change you, for example, for the second week.	labels:Isn't it better to think about it later?
text:We suggest to the parents that, because of the students I used to bring, I suggest that they take the final and not the last, because this is a pass rate, because it's still a hard test, and it's not going to be a good one, because it's going to have a pass rate over there, for example, that I only pass 35-40 per cent of the students a year, and if there are more people who pass it, then two finals will be better if the card is tight, and I suggest that parents say, for example, the final second, or two of them, and I think it's better.I don't think so.You don't want to change online, you're a little two days late, you're a week late, you're a few days away, and you're not the last two days.	labels:For example.
text:If you change Monday to Sunday, then you change around Thursday, that's probably the second and third exam.	labels:Okay? Okay. Okay. Okay.
text:Or if you read it, you'll come to me on Saturday, you'll come to me when he's in exams, and I'll schedule another class for you.I don't think so.And then we have a second-stage test, so I'll post it on the Internet, and you can, for example, run a test, try the 24th of October. Look at me.	labels:Would you like to know if number 4 is 880 or what?
text:There are no offices in Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xi, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, Xu, X, Xu, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, X, 	labels:That's a separate charge, isn't it?
text:You can buy a ticket at the finance office when you come to class on Saturday.	labels:How much?
text:Old people should be 60, old people should be 60, old people should be 100, old people should be preferential, and our own school candidates should be preferential.	labels:Okay, okay. Just pay you back on the 24th, right?I don't think so.Right.
text:I'll send it to the group, you can see it in the circle of friends, or I'll show you every class because there's too many classes, maybe the class isn't that fast, because there's a lot of things, so I'll talk to your parents first, and if you need to attend, you'll have to come to me on Saturday, and I'll show you the time of the tickets. Okay?	labels:And I would also like to ask you that the pass rate for oral examinations is more than 30 per cent.
text:It's not going to be high, it's going to be high, because we're going to get 150 points at 250, right? But the most important thing about middle-level spoken is an interpreter, for example.	labels:Does he have a 50% pass rate on the written exam?
text:The pass rate is between 65 and 75, 65 to 70 pairs, and the pass rate is still quite high, because if we get a big head in the normal hearing section, basically the students will be able to do it. If you say that the mid-level 90 will get 65 or more points or more, then your ratio should be 150 points or so.I don't think so.But the words of the oral examination are often those of our English and Chinese interpreters, and the students' words in this regard, if they are not trained, are still lacking, because, after all, many students have the ability to write, but my words, including my opening words, are lacking, so let's say that he's on the spot, and your presence is also important to the two examiners, including some of the intellectual aspects of what you say in the ordinary course, including the accumulation of some types of news, which is also important in the ordinary course.	labels:Anyway, that means that the pass rate is only 30%. It's a couple of pairs.
text:That's what happens every year, because the interpreter says it's stuck on your mouth.	labels:There are four other opportunities for us.
text:In contrast, if we say that you did not pass this oral test, then I would suggest that you start, for example, a golden class after December, because the gold prize for the entire oral part of the examination would also be very helpful to one of the next students in the upper secondary and upper secondary examinations.I don't think so.Because you're going to have 30 points in your finals and 30 points in your finals, but this course has been very helpful to our exams, and so on.	labels:Okay, I got it. Okay, let's go first.
text:I'll send you a photo when I fill out your registration form, so I won't let you know because I brought this class myself, and then I'll help you pull up, and then you'll come to class on Saturday at 8:30 on time, right?	labels:Yeah, that's where the new campus is.
text:Yeah? It's fine. I'll see you on Saturday morning.	labels:Okay.
text:That's it, that's it. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, it's Tang Jia-young's parents. I'm here to speak to Mr. Angli. You want to ask about the English class? Right. What grade is your child?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello you, huh? Yes.	labels:I understand that the phone call we sent from the teacher might have been answered by the housekeeper. You've had the wrong call. What's wrong with you?I don't think so.Now, here's the thing: you've got a lecture, you've got a lecture, you're going to study what's going on in a straight-through car and little Tofu, and you're going to have a double-dialysis in the vent and little Tofu, and I'm going to ask Little Tofu to explain only what's going on in Little Tofu.
text:The first is whether you're still a parent or a fifth grade student. Are you a student in Angry now? Or aren't you a student?	labels:Not now, we've just finished a few readings.
text:How many exams did you just read? How many exams did he take?	labels:I don't know. What's the level of the line anyway?I don't think so.Maung Yi Wei.
text:Meni Wei, I think I know this man.I don't think so.And here's what I'm going to tell you, are you going to do a lecture for the kids, or are you going to go abroad for a lecture for you later?I don't think so.Yeah, so if you're in your position, listen to it, too, and listen to it all the time, because your overseas RV is for all the courses abroad, including some of the things he needs, because you and Tofu and Little Tofu, or ssat and sat, should all be talking about it, but because your child is a little older now, and if it's better for you to finish your class, it's Little Tofu.	labels:Yes, I intend to be here next April, and now that we have a particularly high level of preparation and a tight schedule, it is time to stop at the stage of the problem until the month of April next year.
text:Well, that's possible, because little Tolf himself is as difficult as the airport, because if you're saying that you've been promoted for the first time, right? Because you don't actually have that much pressure on you when you've finished the basic exam. Right?I don't think so.You can do that, because in October, we'll have Tofu Jr., in late December or early January. If you want to recognize him, it should be over in March or so. Isn't that right?	labels:The transfer of curricula vitae did not begin only in March and the examination began in April.
text:Do you still have anything to learn outside in English?	labels:So far, we've been scratching the ground, because we've learned too much, and I think we've taken too little of the ground, so basically I've got some questions for him at home every day.
text:Because the amount of work that you want Tofu to do is not very much, and it focuses on a word of hearing and a grammar, and reading, which may be a bit more hard, yes.	labels:We've always had an opportunity to take outside education since his first grade, and then we've got vippc on the Internet and so on.
text:That's a lot of money.	labels:Yeah, well, it's not good, but it's better than a kid who can't. That's the case, and I'm asking now if I'm afraid of a conflict, so call and ask.
text:No, because it's two critical points, because it's two points, and it's two directions.	labels:I want to know, because we may still have more time, fifth grade, so I might be in sixth grade, I might be in the middle of the exam, and you guys have a grammar class, right?I don't think so.And then maybe another little Tofu, after the beginning, because I know it's like we had to get to Tofu.
text:Which one is yours?I don't think so.I'm the one who plays games. That's the way it is, if you're sure you read it here. Did you have a VIP card?	labels:I didn't do it. I know you guys didn't have an anniversary in April or something.
text:This year will not be April, it will be October.	labels:October.
text:It's November.	labels:You're not in April every year.
text:No, he's not. I'm telling you, parents, every year April is not an active class, it's probably different from every campus, but we're saying that his activities have been specified since October 1, and you should have been between 20,000 and 2,000, right?I don't think so.And it's between 20,000 and 2500 at the time of the event, right?I don't think so.Now, since October 1, all the concessions in Angli have been halved by 20,000 to 1,000, and then 20,000 to 1500 in the case of school celebrations or special events, but only because Dad's here is Joe's joy, which means moving from the north side of the Southtown to Pudong Food City, so we're the last in October, but his card is 25,300 to 5,000 um right, so you can do this, if you want to, and then I'll have the teacher send you another text, and then I'll give you the lecture again, and you can see it when you're sure you read it, and you can talk to the teacher.	labels:I signed up, I signed up, but I just wanted to understand the difference between the two words.
text:You mean the difference between little Tofu's lectures and those studying abroad, don't you?I don't think so.He's got no conflict. There must be no conflict, because if you're studying abroad, it's still about Tolf's speech.	labels:All right, all right, all right. I got it. I got it.
text:Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, you feed the fish. Hello.	labels:You.
text:For Mr. Yang.	labels:Seven in a year, a month of my friend's.
text:Well, that's what I'm talking about, isn't it?	labels:It's all stuck in the cage. It's done. It's done.
text:This is what happens when you sign and you have all the equipment.	labels:It's been set up to make $200 a thousand worth of $240.
text:A 110 farm forecast?	labels:That's when it's too late.
text:I'm expected to have something to do with it.	labels:I guess I'll be the same in four days, right?
text:Missed the mistake well. Bye-bye. Seven.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mr. Hu. Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Again.	labels:What did you buy?
text:And here I am, Mr. Lee, the teacher of Ulrich's class, and you know you're going to buy you a Saturday and they're out.	labels:Is it Kim Yi-no's mother? I'm a foreign language teacher here. Ask him about this year's Chinese written exam. Did he check it out?
text:He didn't take the exam.	labels:You didn't take the exam, did you?
text:I'd like to ask you a question.	labels:One of his exams is in April of next year, not needed.
text:If you don't take the written test, you can't take the test, right?	labels:He had to pass a written test to get to the exam.
text:In April next year.	labels:If you're a mid-level interpreter, it's March next year. It's March, then April.
text:It's also online. It's online. You don't want to go to training, right?	labels:Yeah, well, if you're going to take the exam, have you ever been to your senior class before?
text:Read it, but read it.	labels:So one suggestion for him is that, if he wants to take the test here next year, in view of the child's condition, there may be no need to read the basic course of the written examination. If necessary, you can let him read it.
text:How can you let me know?	labels:We'll all have a visit before the exam, okay? Bye-bye. Bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:It's Wangichi's mother, right? I'm here to respond to the school's teacher in Angry Foreign Language. I see you've signed up for a basic interpreter. Yes, and I'd like to tell you that this class may be postponed a few times, and you can see it from the end of the National Day in October.I don't think so.Why? Because we're talking about the teacher's arrangement, plus the rest of the holidays that will involve Mid-Autumn and National Day, and then our children in this class will basically take the 44th exam next year, and then, if we start in October, we'll probably go up to February next year, and then we'll go straight to the exam, which would be a better time.
text:If I don't agree with this time.	labels:If you think you want to start early, I'll show you if there's any early classes in the nearby campus.
text:And if I had chosen you because of your time, I think I'd have chosen something else.	labels:You think it's early, don't you? Yeah.
text:Because I'm going to sync up with the others so I can't sync up and get into trouble.	labels:Okay, I got it. Let me show you People's Plaza or Xu's campus, will you?
text:It's too far.	labels:Which campus is easier for you.
text:Don't you have any other classes in your campus? That's right.	labels:We only have one regular shift now because.
text:If that's how I am.	labels:If you want a refund, let me ask you a question about a formality.
text:You can ask for me.	labels:Okay, okay, I got it. Good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:All right, yeah. Okay. Can you send me a message later? Yes, because I'm not very well, thank you. Okay, thank you.	labels:Hello, Mr. Paek. I'm a foreign language teacher. You've had an English interpreter for your children before. Do you need it now?
text:He was the interpreter who later wanted to take the senior interpreter, and he had the mid-level interpreter.	labels:It's over, isn't it? It's high school or high school.
text:He's already in college.	labels:College, right? Is it necessary for Tofu's grades after that?
text:He's not going to go to Tofu for a while. He might later. He's just got to freshman year.	labels:Is that right? Okay. Did you read it in the middle of your life?
text:No, he's on top.	labels:Okay, bye.	episode_done:True
text:9161.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Hello. Is it Jing Ying's parents? Hello.I don't think so.You can tell me how many points you've taken. How many points you've got? Not sure. You know he hasn't? Okay, sorry to bother you. I'll see you later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Lee Won-bin's mom? Hi, I'm here as Prosby Ross.
text:It's because Alaska is already Xu's school district.	labels:All right.
text:That includes the fact that I've just opened a new one and I've just left, and I'm going to have to miss it all, and you're going to have to make better progress on your background day.	labels:Do you start to get involved? This is where I'm going to talk. I can cry on Fridays. I can already protect myself.
text:You know, in the early days of the day, you had to listen to Blackie.	labels:Okay.
text:Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Mrs. Xu Kai Xin? Hello, I'm Wang Li's teacher. You've been here for a test. Are you sure you're ready for class?
text:I don't think it's a good idea for my kids, so I'm not going.	labels:Okay, well, you can call me back if you need to. Okay, that's it. Bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:879711111111.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Is this your mother? Yes, I'm the head teacher of the English language class. Hello, would you like to know if the kid's better than the pen exam?
text:The words of the written test came out long ago, and he checked that he had passed.	labels:Is that right? Is this because we're going to start the intensive shift this week, and we're going to tell you that the kids are coming to class. Yes, and can we tell you a score from each of his sections?
text:He didn't write it down on the computer. When would he sign up?	labels:Now you're going to sign up for the oral test? Yeah, you're going to wait. I'm going to send it in the crowd. You're going to send me.
text:Take a look.I don't think so.Where?	labels:The registration will take place between 16 October and 24 October.
text:How do you report that?	labels:It should be the same as the last written test.
text:What if he doesn't write down the results of his written test? It doesn't matter.	labels:It should be possible to find out.
text:He couldn't find the whole mouth. This one.	labels:Because we all seem to follow the test, don't we?
text:So it's been a long time.	labels:He doesn't have a record of this, does he?
text:No, I just wanted to ask you guys.	labels:This number, I'll ask, because there's no test here, and it's not gonna be found.
text:Do you want to sign up for a written test? What if he doesn't find out?	labels:Well, they actually feel like you should have a kid's ID card or something at the time, right? Information.I don't think so.Yeah, they're online. They're sure to see it. You don't even have to take the test. Don't worry about it. It doesn't matter.
text:Okay.	labels:Anyway, if I'm sure this class will open later this week, I'll add a few letters to your letter. May I ask if you have this cell phone number? No.
text:We've read it already.	labels:Did you read the oral test?
text:There's a class, yeah.	labels:'Cause I'm gonna tell you about class or something, 'cause I don't have one.I don't think so.No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no..
text:Okay.	labels:Well, that's it. You remember when you signed up.
text:Mm-hmm. Okay, that's it. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I thought you might be having trouble with that woman right now.	labels:Yes.
text:I thought Lujn should be, because I think Lujn is more capable than he is now.	labels:30 grand for half a month.
text:Today day.	labels:I'm leaving for a week, Mom won't answer my calls, and a basic reinforcement has been pushed out.
text:I can't do it again. I can't do it four times today.	labels:Lintato. Next month you can get this. 10 days, 120, 120, and you have to ask the house for it.	episode_done:True
text:Shanghai moved in to warn you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:It's a little funny, isn't it?	labels:Hello, is this Wang Hongtao's parent? Hung's. You're Wang Hongtao. Are you going to read it or are you going to read it?
text:For you to be antagonistic.	labels:I'm Ulrich's.
text:I've been studying there. New concept one, but kids can't learn anymore.	labels:What's your cell number? Is this it? 13564236657?
text:Yeah, this one's mine.	labels:But you're calling us.
text:I'm the one who signed up.	labels:Are you the name of the Foreign Language Department in Aung San Suu Kyi, or the name of the Young People's Department in Aung San Suu Kyi?
text:What's the difference between me and the 8 million? There's a difference.	labels:I'm here to tell you that I'm not a department. Which one is it? I'm here with the Antiphones Department.
text:I know exactly where you are.	labels:Pudong Food City Wine Building.
text:Probably not a place.	labels:You still need to come over and see what you're saying.
text:What do you mean, the interface is direct from.	labels:What grade are you still in?
text:He is now studying new concepts when he was recommended to learn from them.	labels:Not you or what grade are you in?
text:What's the third grade?	labels:Third grade? Well, we've got a lecture here on English and the portal to primary school, so why don't you come over here and listen to it.
text:What day is it?	labels:I'll show you the lecture at the airport on Sunday, October 18, 1:30-2.30.
text:October 18th: 1:30 ~2:30 pair.	labels:Then I'll send you the address, you come over and see for yourself. Okay, good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:No. 2. No. No.. I don't have an appetite. I don't have an appetite, but that's what I do, so I don't have to wait until I get hungry. Isn't it okay, Mrs. Wang Wei Jing?	labels:I didn't know I didn't look specifically.
text:Didn't look at it, yeah.	labels:Because after class.
text:There's no review, is there? Yes, it's a review, because it's important for teachers to talk about things before they go to school.	labels:Because one month later we're prepping for something high, we don't have time to go out.
text:Isn't that right?I don't think so.Are you going to have other course needs behind you, or are you going to slow down?	labels:We'll talk about it later, because he's in his senior year, and he's in his senior year, and he's in his senior year.
text:But what I suggest is that the syntax or reading class can be taken into account. I know it's good, I know it's good for him. Let's do it first. It's okay. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm.	labels:Hello.
text:It's a regular mother. I'm Ms. Yang Lee. Hi, he's not in a technical accent this year. Yes, he did.	labels:There is participation.
text:How much did he take?	labels:It doesn't seem to be high, it's 100, 30 points.
text:There should be no problem. There should be no problem.I don't think so.It's not a big problem if I say it this time, is it? Because one of the biggest differences on my side is that the difference between the 10 points is normal, the difference between your test and your test results is about 5 points, up and down.	labels:He seems to have passed 70 points once and 68 points once.
text:It's tall. It's good to buy 38 cents.	labels:I don't know, but he said something about it this time.
text:It's hard, isn't it?	labels:But to him.
text:Hard to be.	labels:I asked him if he had 60 points and I asked him if he had 60 points and he wasn't sure anyway.
text:And there's no such thing as a written test and a test of 120 together, and it doesn't have to be a day to want it.	labels:I wanted him to pass, but he wouldn't look, so he wouldn't worry, you know?I don't think so.Because he said that hearing was okay, and he said something about hearing.
text:It should be normal for you to take 70 points over a long period of time.	labels:Isn't he? He's been through what he says is probably about 60 points, and he says he's not gonna be tall enough, is he?
text:Mm-hmm.I don't think so.I'd like to talk to you about something. We have a lecture this week, which means it's about Peyo, so why don't you come over here and listen, because if you can read it, how do you plan to do it?	labels:I'll leave it to him. Let's see if he wants to read anything. He wants to read a new third.
text:You read it to Wang Lifan like this. He knows him better.	labels:So wait until he decides, because he's also very nervous at school now, because I don't think I want him to read it outside.
text:But the pressure on the new three is not so great, the new three is less than the new two and the basic one, he only talks about one article in two and a half hours, and there is no transcription of the words and the text of the text, but it is recited.	labels:So, what's the name of the Internet?
text:It's on the Internet, but there's not much work to do.	labels:You know what he's been through? Now that all the school's work is gone, I'm pissed, and I'm saying that I'm going to stop all my work outside, you're going to make it up to me, and he's really alive, and I'm saying you can't do anything outside, you can't do engineering, right? The school's going to school. So I'm coming back and I'm going to talk to him, and then I'm not going to force him to read it, and he doesn't want me to make him read it.I don't think so.I'm tired of kids.
text:I know it, because you've finished reading it, so let me ask you, because we had a lecture on the occasion of the school festival on the 17th, just as it is on the topic of training for the nation, right, if you'd like to bring the children to listen, then one of Mr. Wang's classes will be on Wednesday, October 17, this week, and the other on October 30, will be on Wednesday.	labels:Yeah, I'll wait for him to come back Friday, and I'll ask him.
text:Yes, you can ask him.	labels:I asked him.
text:Okay, I'll call you back then. Okay. Good-bye, good-bye, good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:All right, I'm going to help you out here. There's another one of them. Hi, it's the parents of the little friend of Yu Yu Yu. I'm going to call you back to your new concept two class at 3.30 p.m. to remind you not to be late, and to tell you that our new campus is in the Pudong Food City winehouse. Okay, we know. Okay. Okay. Okay.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:811-1948 was quiet. Mm-hmm. To b to c-mm-mm.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh...	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I don't know that I want to be good and true. Really.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:It's my mom, right? Mom, I'm going to be his friend. I'm just listening to the new guy's notice. That's all. It's probably more than a month away, and it's like March, beginning in Germany.	labels:Well.
text:Right, Dad? Well, because I'm around 24, what does Mid-Autumn include?	labels:My mom's, because my husband's got a relationship, he's basically gonna get an appointment from someone, yeah.
text:Because it's an experience, right? That's the light. I'll let myself know, okay? That's right.I don't think so.Hello? Uh-huh.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, this is the parents' presentation. I'm the class director of 8 million campuses.	labels:You said that.
text:I'll give you a call. On October 24th, 6:30, there's a Chinese competition. Bring the bookstore. Don't forget.	labels:I'll probably check with him on the weekends.
text:Yeah, well, thank you for your goodbyes.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lee Wei Woo.	labels:Is Miss Gu here?
text:Hold on. Hello.	labels:Miss Gu? That's right. Hello, I'm the one you just called.
text:The Gu army is trying to find a way for me.	labels:As we checked, it was clearly written in our contract that Chen Yi Liang did it on October 17.
text:October 17th Chen Yi Liang.	labels:You can check the contract. It's clear in the contract.
text:Did you know which teacher you signed up for?	labels:He was transferred a week after I gave up my name.
text:Miss Ann, right? Well, what time is it if I help you?	labels:Same as Sunday from 9 a.m. to 11.30 a.m.
text:You are right to the Sunday morning classes. If you report the Sunday morning classes, this will indeed open one, perhaps later, and you will have problems ahead of us.	labels:Months and years begin when they are conceived.
text:It may be until November, as classes in the new class in front of the teacher have been suspended, so it may be a little later.	labels:It's gonna stop for a month.
text:Almost 3-4 classes look like that.	labels:Let's see, there's another teacher, Mr. Yu Jun's class.
text:Mr. Yu-joon, Mr. Yu-joon isn't with us anymore.	labels:He's not with you anymore, yeah.I don't think so.I can't save the rest of your school for this kind of experiment. I can't help it.
text:You want to go to Mr. Chen's class? You'll have to wait until his new concept is over, because he'll pick up a new one.	labels:It's class time that doesn't change.
text:School hours remain the same from 9 to 11.30.	labels:Okay.
text:Okay, that's it. Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Glass. I'm sorry, you're dialing a non-field phone, plus zero.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Ms. Pan? Yes, I am, and then another teacher. You've been here for an English course before. And then you didn't report it. I know, and we have an English lecture, which is related to the children's studies. There's a Tofu class.	labels:Not for now. He's busy now. He's busy every week.	episode_done:True
text:Okay.	labels:It's an explosion.
text:Fake? Just don't come.	labels:Hello, Miss Wu? Yes, I'm a foreign language teacher. Would you like to know if you still need a new concept course? No, I'm sorry to bother you. Bye.	episode_done:True
text:The connection means he'll check the phone numbers.I don't think so.What?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, it's Wong Li's mother. I'm Miss Alley Lee. Then I'll tell you, I see you have a lecture. Did Yuan Ming Ho call you?	labels:Call me back.
text:And then I changed the lecture to a friend in the country.	labels:Right.
text:Because it's better for you guys, and he talked to you about what happened to Shinzo, right?	labels:What's the price of what you're saying to me now?
text:Now the new two is 16,000,160 hours.	labels:One, it's all over, right.I don't think so.And then how much is the new drug? Just once.
text:Class is one and a half.	labels:Two and a half hours for the first lesson?
text:For two and a half hours.	labels:How long will that last lesson and a half last? We'll be on Monday until next year, and I'll say in March and April.
text:For the month of March and April, you're supposed to be in the wrong five years next year. Are you in the fourth grade next year?	labels:Yes, fourth grade. We're still fourth grade.
text:It was a year and a half, and if you start next March, it should be almost fifth grade graduation, and it should be almost finished.	labels:So, can you give me half of what you need? You can give me half of what you need.
text:But it's only half, but that's the first half of it. He says it's more expensive than 8,800 + 8,800.	labels:The top half is 8,800, isn't it?
text:It's 8,800 for the bottom half, which means it's 1600 dollars.	labels:So, in the first half of the year, what class did it go to?I don't think so.48 lessons.
text:The way I'm suggesting to you is like, two options, the first being that you get a card, and then it's like, you get 20,000, then you get 22,500, or you get 30,000 to 35,000, and then later, if you get half of the class, like the new you get 48 or 46, you know what?I don't think so.That way, if you're going to back off, it'll be a bit more profitable.I don't think so.If you're going to quit, there's two reasons why you're going to quit because of your two options: you probably think you just want to read half a book, and you don't want to read half a book after that, right?I don't think so.If you do the car report.	labels:And it's not right for you to raise the price on your side.
text:The reason for the card is why I suggest that your first card is not affected by the transfer.I don't think so.The second school festival, the last before the 18th, was the greater margin of preference, and since then there has been no preference. 20,000 people earn 1000, right, then 30,000, and now 20,000, 25,300, 5,000.	labels:I would also like to ask you here, in addition to the new concept.
text:There is also a new concept, a new concept, technical interpretation II, followed by a new concept, the grammar of the third cycle, four points points in the middle exam, a mid-level hedge, a middle-level interpreter, and a whole of Tofu, provided that you have one English language from primary school to university.	labels:If you say so, do you have any special service here?
text:It doesn't have a situation like that for you to recommend a job test, but if you're just trying to imagine this thing, you're going to have to read the whole book, and if you're going to be able to do anything, you're going to have to be able to imagine that there's nothing wrong with it.	labels:It's too late for that. Now he's not an age-limiter.
text:He just said he didn't recommend you to go to the exam at this age, but he didn't mean you couldn't do it. It was either for everyone to pass it, or it was wrong, you know?	labels:There are age constraints that prevent them from taking the exam.
text:It's not that he's saying no advice, you're not saying that.	labels:We can't afford it. We won't be able to do a few tests as a kid.
text:It's not you, but the test doesn't mean that you took the certificate or whatever it was, because it was very helpful for you to imagine an interview after the course.I don't think so.Because I had a kid named Chen Shen-woo, who had read several times in the fifth grade, he had read two times in the import and export, and then a half in the new second, and then his hungry little partner, who did not read, said that their children went to the outside interview and said that the whole word that Free Talk said to other children on top of it, including one that was much more responsive to the whole match than the other.	labels:He interfaced twice.
text:Yeah, no exams.	labels:He's done it twice, where he's done it, from what grade.
text:He went to the fifth grade twice, then read a workbook.	labels:So he needs to read technology at the same time and read technology at the same time.I don't think so.First half of fifth grade.
text:But it's the second time it's read in the summer.	labels:The next day at the 4th grade summer vacation.
text:There's no fifth-year summer off from fourth-grade.	labels:He was just a few in the fourth grade, the first time in the second half of the fourth grade, right.
text:Anyway, I remember it was a summer reading, one once a week, and then twice.	labels:How long does it take to import this course?
text:Six months, I'm telling you, the normal cycle is six months, and if it's for the summer break, a vacation can be read out.	labels:Does that help all five stars? Okay.
text:Five stars for all are harder than five stars for all.	labels:Will it help with the five stars? What?
text:Some of them will help, but they're not in the same direction, because all five stars are a little bit more life-like, which is that the word may not actually, uh...	labels:I actually have an idea, like you said, that I can continue with a new second in March/April next year, and now I'm going to report half a book, for example, half a book, and if it's basically half a book, he's going to say a few in the summer, and then the interface is right.
text:And I suggest you're right, and I suggest that you come to me before you read the machine every day to give you an entrance test, and that you read what you read when you can.	labels:Why did you take the entrance test?
text:Because it's a bit difficult, and if you feel like a little kid's reading a little hard, I'd rather you read it later, wouldn't you?I don't think so.We're here to say that the new and new stuff is based on a teacher's feedback, and then to include the relevant information, and that your reading of the new second is okay, but I'm going to do it on the basis of your reading of the new second, and then you're going to do an entrance test, which is more acceptable to the teacher, and I'm going to let you read it if you can read it a few times.	labels:Right? What kind of normal words does he need?
text:The first is that the minimum working hours must be read out.	labels:Right.
text:And the second is that if you read 70 grams, it's not a problem, if you have a good command of the second class.	labels:Yeah, so he went to school and you took grammar.
text:It's not that he's hearing, and the way the puncture school goes is a hearing test.	labels:It's all hearing. Yeah, he can hear shorts, too, right?
text:Because what I'm suggesting is that you finish the second reading, but maybe around June, you come to me for a base number test, and I'll arrange it for you in July/August. If you don't, I'll charge 6580 for you at the base.I don't think so.Yeah, but before you read the machine, you bring him in for a test, and I'll arrange with Yuan Myung Ho's mother in July/August, and if it's still a bit difficult, we'll take another half-year winter break later.	labels:Okay, now that we've got so many new classes, we're in third grade, do you think they'll be able to keep up?
text:I'll tell you what I'm going to tell you. Here's the thing about your class. There's only one student that's a little short. It's called Xiao Xiaoqing or Xiao Xing Qing, because there are three children in this class who were added to your class after the summer break, and he didn't read it before.I don't think so.That's right, because this class, while saying I don't speak very well, is what I've been following, because I'm in the microscopic community.	labels:You're in our group, right.
text:It's just that this class is Mr. Lin's service, but I know the general situation, because most of the students are my students, so I'm more aware of the situation.	labels:You seem to know better about our class, and when you see us asking questions, you answer them.I don't think so.I don't think Mr. Lin's idea is clear. It's okay.
text:If you need anything, you can just come and ask me, because I reported all four of them in this class, and then slowly because the first half of New Year's summer class is over, so I'm gonna say you're done?I don't think so.It's a little slow in the class, so you can go over the previous classes, but it's good to have a child. It's bad. I know it. I forgot whether it was the morning or the morning, but it was me.	labels:I don't know what's good in the morning anyway.
text:That was the morning of the morning, and one of the two of you was then a child in your class that was particularly good, and the little girl who signed up seemed to be one year taller than you or something.	labels:He's also five years older than us.
text:It's not the same, it's the same grade, it's the latest little girl in the first grade, because you were the first four, right?I don't think so.One Yuan Min Ho, one often thinking morning, one yellow sky, and the other one, is it an Episode of History? 21 is all good for him.	labels:It's good for him. What's your name in the microbots?I don't think so.Little girl is right, I know no.
text:I'll be fine if you're in there.	labels:So I guess I know your name. I'll be fine down there and I'll be safe for you.
text:Okay.I don't think so.All right, you're coming.	labels:I don't know if all these people are holding you, Mr. Lee hasn't introduced you, everyone hasn't greeted you, who he is, who he has today, who I thought Mr. Wu was in my class, and if he's not here, we won't allow the teachers in the group, right?
text:As for us, all the supervisors would then go to the group, and the entire campus would be maintained by two teachers, but the thing about the remedial classes, or the arrangement, was primarily done by the class director, but because I was special, because I was a class teacher.I don't think so.Yeah, so I know better what's in it, because if he can't answer, I'll say it if he can.	labels:I'm usually not gonna be able to make up for it. I was supposed to be here today, but now I can't. I'm not coming. Will you help me out? Cancel it? Yes.
text:I told Mr. Lee how many grams you're missing?	labels:I haven't been there, because I can't come to class next Saturday, and I'm going to have a book exam in a conflict, and then I can't go to school, and then I'm like we're on Friday night, and it's like a week faster than we are, and it was next week's class today, and then I think I'm going to skip my class tomorrow, and it's weird, you know?I don't think so.If I don't come, I'll forget. If I look at what happened next week, I'll either add it or make it up to him. If you have the right class, I can do it later.
text:First, I asked him to arrange for you to come by tomorrow to see if Mr. Wu could make a copy of the lecture for you in advance and bring it to him.	labels:Right.I don't think so.Okay, he's going to tweet. He's going to blog.
text:That's fine. That's better.	labels:He'll be fine to blog, so please let me know that I may not be able to attend today's remedial classes, okay?
text:Tell me to say yes. Okay, let's talk on Saturday. Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Him. Him.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:The number you have dialed is empty, please check it out.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:All right. We'll send a text message to each other as soon as we can.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:It doesn't matter. Two parts don't need two people who don't know about the factory. I'll just sign it. Don't forget we're going to drop the rest of the paper. How do you do?	labels:Welcome to the Angry Education Group, please call the extension card for live transmission.
text:Image by Flickr user pic.twitter.com	labels:180 please.
text:Mr. Huang Ping-yeon? Hello, I'm from the 800-symposium side campus. Do we apply for a mobile POS machine here? But there's no moving terminal number in the luu system.	labels:I just got it back, so you guys really have to cancel it. You didn't pay until you got it back?
text:Didn't get back in here all the time.	labels:You guys are new applicants, aren't you?
text:The requested mobile POS machine is still in use.	labels:When are you gonna pay?
text:When will it be? We've had a good time.	labels:You can't do it after school holidays, can you? Send me an e-mail.
text:Send an e-mail.	labels:Or you can tell me in the group.
text:I've already said it in the group in the financial system.	labels:You fucked me, didn't you?I don't think so.Yeah, well, I'll take care of it next.
text:I can record the system today.	labels:Right? So I'm gonna apply first, and then the system clerk's gonna put you in, and then I'm gonna do it.
text:I mean, can we finish today?	labels:I don't know what they're doing, but I'm writing an e-mail application when your message comes in.
text:You write it well. Thank you. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hi, Mom. Hi, I'm Ulrich's teacher. I'd like to ask you what it's like to go back to Zhao's army.	labels:Why wouldn't he?
text:I don't think so, because at first you saw our class kids are about his age, and they're having a good time here, right? Now.	labels:You can't do anything at school if you don't want to. Yeah.
text:That means he doesn't want to feel like it. It's okay. I'd like to ask him if he doesn't like it. Is it too hard to do it, or doesn't he like the way he does it?	labels:It's not the way, it's not the way, it's not the way, it's the way you pay your salary, it's the way you pay your salary.
text:There's probably a bad signal here.	labels:No, I don't think I want to work.I don't think so.That's what it means.
text:But his school includes the school, which means he's definitely trying to get some good grades, or he's trying to change what's going on in a class. What we're talking about is that some of the results are definitely going to be hard, and he's not going to go back, is he? Or just do something.	labels:Yes, for example, after class, two texts a week are a text, a large volume of words, but a lot of homework comes back, but every kid has this problem, so I haven't solved it, and so far I haven't solved it.I don't think so.Let's get him back in the school first or we'll get used to it first.
text:But there's a certain amount of adaptation, because it's three years old now, and it's three years old. It's a little bit better to be raised from an early age, because a lot of parents on our side have given him some oral courses, like the English or the other form of Fort Gitt, but it's not the same as the school curriculum, because it's probably fun and happy, but it's the real test.I don't think so.So you can think about it. You see, because you used to say that you wanted to learn from kids, so I guess you're going to give him a degree of adaptation and then you're going to give him a lesson like this.	labels:How much time? Because there's a lot of third-year courses now, and I think because it's going to be tight, I don't know how it should be. It's not really going to start, it's just two days ago. Let's see what's going on at his school.I don't think so.This.
text:It's still different.	labels:If I don't keep an eye on those who come back after the course outside, the kid's the same.
text:Don't you think so?I don't think so.Because you're trying, and now you're in a state where you don't know, that's when he's afraid he'll pay for it, but if he doesn't want to go to school, he's afraid he's not interested, right?I don't think so.Well, that's the main reason, isn't it?	labels:It's not that you spend a lot of time coming home after class.
text:You don't have time for him to study.	labels:Not that I have, but he doesn't want to.
text:I'm telling you, if we're working on our main home line, we're working online, 1010 kids here say they like to do it.	labels:Yeah, it's not an operational problem, it's a word that's going to go back.
text:Words are to be back.	labels:Because the sentence has to be back.
text:If you speak one of your languages, you have to do it, including some of your mathematical formulas.	labels:That's right, so if I say this thing, it's still our problem, it's a child's problem, it's a question that I didn't look too closely at before, so I'm gonna start with his own thinking.
text:Okay, I get it. Come on, let's do this. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Everyone cares about something different.	labels:Hi, it's Cao Cao Cao's mother. I'm here with Mr. Angli. I'd like to ask him about the middle of the year.
text:Didn't I check the score? I did? I checked last weekend.	labels:It's probably not the 13th yesterday.
text:I'll go back tonight and check it out. Okay.	labels:Why don't you check it out and I'll call you back? Good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Your eyes will shine.I don't think so.Hello.	labels:Is it Chu's mother? I'm a foreign language teacher here.
text:Take it out.	labels:Ok, are you going to let him do this again, or are there other courses? I asked them to do it again, right?I don't think so.Okay, I got it.I don't think so.All right, you'll still have a notification when you sign up. Okay, well, good-bye.	episode_done:True	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:Okay, thank you. Okay, you're in the kid's grade. Two, right? Did you go over Tuesday? Second, because where's the finance school now? So, because we have a systematic perspective.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lee Wei Woo.	labels:Did I make it up to Chen Gang first?
text:- I just decided on my own, and I'm a little ok.	labels:Okay, okay, let's go outside.
text:Okay, hold on, okay.I don't think so.That one?	labels:It's possible to check that I have any major connections.
text:Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.	labels:September knows.
text:It's a rare thing.	labels:It's just a lot of mornings, like so much better inside.
text:Does that mean you're not in exactly who can keep up?	labels:Business programme.
text:Mainline's here. Did I just travel differently?	labels:I didn't remember. Yeah, I didn't even know these two days were kids.
text:But one of the institutional committees reported that it wasn't fucking with me.	labels:Me and them. Did I just eat a car and leave?I don't think so.Then let's just do it.
text:That's what I'm talking about, isn't it?	labels:What's done is done.
text:How about your own business flow.	labels:And then the tmd thinks it's usually 178, and then it's up.
text:Two because it's not special.	labels:Six minutes to 10 bucks to wash.
text:No, it's not.	labels:So high.
text:Because they didn't do anything. They must have called me by my name.	labels:No. 3 for me at work.
text:I don't know how I just got past the 50s.	labels:Just came.
text:Because of my personal position, I remember coming here at the end of last week by hand, just as soon as I understood it, and if I waited, because I've always had to hand it over, you're sure it's okay. I've just been thinking about my Gorgiko, and I'm incompetent, because I naturally don't look like this.I don't think so.It's like I come back all the time, 'cause I'm going to help you clean up the manual, and I'm not going to have to be 650.	labels:First of all, what I didn't put together, what I had in mind.
text:Without your fundamentals, the governor would have waited for me to happen, you'd have seen that my man might be strong enough, you'd have to make it less than 100 years old on my side, and you'd have had an indicator for more than 12 months.	labels:Samsung's phone has overcarriage, a public card, and it's kind of the same without a cell phone.
text:The bacterial contaminants are supposed to be more than 200 a year, and they're willing to change to, say, 5,000, and they can be bought more and more quickly.	labels:You think clean me up, you add slow and I'll save it for you.
text:Then.	labels:More than 10 years.
text:I'll have the money to wait till 6 million.	labels:We added it to the Bureau, right?
text:'02 actually me. You came to a date with DNC Emory's host parents.	labels:For.
text:I'll pay for it. I'll take care of it.	labels:Find out what you can find.
text:The delay is 17 degrees fast, and we're paying 100 acres for it.	labels:That's how we all know it from 1 to 10 February. It's probably what I think I'm actually looking at.
text:It's clean at home. Copy the lecture. Yeah.	labels:You said it wasn't the first few.
text:I'll buy it.	labels:The tall number 3 of August is nothing special.
text:The month of August should have been, because more than 50 seemed to have been paid back by parents, but I don't know what to do with them behind them.	labels:It's three pounds right.I don't think so.You can only think of something, and sometimes you can't believe it.
text:It seems like there is.	labels:- I've been at school? - Yeah.
text:It's nice to hear from you. It's nice to hear from you.	labels:Things like that. Can I start with a few of them?
text:No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.	labels:Are you sure?I don't think so.Okay, you're going out.
text:Okay.	labels:What? You know the Mons, your voice says the program's 170 bucks to be born, mine.
text:And I'm sure it's so steady that I can get the leader to dry up the 5th floor. I'm fine. I'm fine.	labels:This has to be changed.
text:I said, "Why are you asking me, why are you asking me why I can do this, but I can think that I can do it, that one time the second degree of the mechanism needs the rent, he can't do it, he can't do it, he can't do it, he can't do it, he can't do it, he can't do it, he can't do it, he can't do it, he can't do it.I don't think so.Mr. Shin just came. Did I tell you to talk to the teacher?	labels:This is where I've been showing him recently, if you want me to wait for me to give it to him.
text:We'll do it on our side.	labels:Hello.
text:Can't we just go back to the bag? So, there's no loss, there's no loss, there's no publication.	labels:Yes, first of all, I would like to launch something that can only be done for the better.I don't think so.All right, get this straight, you asked me just now.
text:What I'm saying is that I'm sure it's hard for me to do something like that. I can't do anything about dogs. I started doing pesticide studies in September, I can't handle pesticides. I always have to take care of natural things. You know what I'm doing, I can't do it. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Okay, I'll see you soon. He's off today. Who's there? Is he off today? Is he going to work tomorrow? Tomorrow?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Miss Cheung. Excuse me. I'm speaking English. I'd like to ask your little friend if she's attending an English remedial class.	labels:Still is.
text:I don't want to ask you, do you have any plans to fill him up in English in the near future? It's specific.	labels:Where are you?I don't think so.I am.
text:It's a foreign language. It's for real.	labels:We are.
text:It's in the sun and the moon.	labels:It's not too far. It's too far.
text:It's okay. Where are you?I don't think so.Which way are you in? We're closer to Tai Hwa? Yes, I'm sorry.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:I'm on the market. We'll be there in about 10 minutes. Can you pick it up, please? Find someone.
text:Okay, I got it.	labels:For our first possible accident, please wait until we see it.
text:Yeah, you got a lot of stuff? A lot? Because we only have two girls in the campus right now.	labels:One man on it, one man on it.
text:It's not two.	labels:About 15 kilometers.
text:What's the number of the good license plate?	labels:There are only two of them.I don't think so.808 knots of my car blue, he's all taxis.
text:When's the good one coming?	labels:If you don't write down my 1330 1990113 in 10 minutes, you won't be able to find me when you arrive.
text:In the alternative, 13913301330 19901990113.113 Good.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:That means his father means the teacher here anyway.	labels:Mom Takao. I'm Mr. Yue. Yes, because I was going to give you two weeks ' QQ because it happened here or three. Fight three, set up a security bank just in September for April 9th. Right?
text:We've got more than two o'clock in the mail.	labels:That's a good idea from the letter. I want you to help me with this. You can help the provincial network.	episode_done:True
text:Ben.	labels:Please enter the number you want to dial, and press the well button to confirm it. Please dial the phone number later. Please enter the first number you want to call.
text:I'm sorry.	labels:Call the other person later, please.	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm.	labels:What's his Chinese intensive shift? Saturday morning, 8:30 to 11.30 a.m., he didn't pick up the phone.
text:It's recycled, isn't it?	labels:8:30 to 7:30, I don't make sense.I don't think so.Can I help you? You called twice yesterday, didn't pick up the first time, went home the second time.	episode_done:True
text:Uh-huh. Hi, it's Tang Jie's mom. I'm here with Mr. Anley. You got 205.5 points in your mid-level interpreter's written exam. Yes, and can you please tell me every single score of it? Got it. The net gain is 76576.5, reading is 56-56, and translating it into my own interpretation. I'm 36.I don't think so.We'll have a high score on the top of our class. There's no scholarship. Didn't you say there's a scholarship in high school? I'd like to ask you if there's a gift or something?I don't think so.Is it possible that there is a scholarship? Let me ask you a question. He can go to the top. Okay. I'll say good-bye to our leader, and I'll say good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, I've just called and come to Wang Hoon, right?	labels:Wei parents. Then say what I'm doing on the system, because it's because you have a sum of money, but you might report it because we don't have a foreign language on our side.
text:What kind of class can we learn in class?	labels:He would have been.
text:If I wanted diplomacy, I'd hold it with you. How come you don't have an outsider? Angry isn't that big. No.	labels:We're all Chinese teachers, like our teacher at Wang Mahal Foreign Language University.
text:Is there a religious accent? Yes. What do you think I do with this money?	labels:It's mostly a bit of a speech lift, isn't it?I don't think so.Yeah. If you can speak, you can actually say religion. Because you're the one on our side now without an entire outsider, and if he raises his mouth.
text:Most of all, he's leaving the country next year.	labels:You're probably going abroad. You're going abroad next year. Did he go to Faith to read it?I don't think so.Topher.
text:Arthur.	labels:Did you read it?I don't think so.Right.
text:If you're on your side, if you're reading Arthur, you can either do it a few times or you can't do it without the Episcopalist.	labels:I'll show you how it's done in advance, how it's paid for in class. If he read it, he'll read it, because we're going to read it, because he's going to see if he's doing it, and I'll give you a figure of about 1,000.
text:I don't know if it's basic or if I don't know.	labels:The two exams were basically a breakthrough.
text:I'd like you to count it for me, but I'd like to report it to you, because we've read it before.	labels:You count it, you wait a little bit, I'll count it for you.
text:Because he thought about 6.5 and wanted to take the exam. He said he wanted to see what he was up to, and I wanted him to do it before he could do it a few more times.	labels:I'll tell you what, Arthur, he's got seven to eight hours, seven to eight hours.
text:Seven to eight hours. What's seven to eight? Seven to eight?	labels:No, seven to eight hours is just one, and two and a half hours he goes to three to four.
text:Okay, you. I'll ask my son tonight and I'll call you tomorrow. Okay, okay, thanks.	labels:Good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm-hmm.	labels:Hello, Miss Cao? I'm a foreign language teacher. You have an English course. Do you need it now? No, thank you.	episode_done:True
text:How do you do, Miss Ren? Do you remember, I'm here to respond to the schoolteachers in a quiet foreign language? We're already in another school. Thank you. It's okay.I don't think so.It's a new concept two, isn't it? Okay, it's from class one. It's not in the middle. It's around here or something.I don't think so.Yeah, well, I'll ask you, but we're here to consult. You're probably talking about the cost, or the course. Right? Okay, how much is the class they're going to ask? A little more than you are, a little more? So thank you so much, so good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello Miss Liu, right? Where are you?I don't think so.Hi, I'm here as a teacher at Dap School in the Austrian language, and I'd like to know if the kids are going to attend some after school, because we're not.	labels:You're mistaken, you.	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Shanghai mobile caller for you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Okay, go ahead.	labels:Right? Yes, hi, my kid's here, but because he was too absent for the summer, I'd like to ask if he could move to a class that's a little less advanced.
text:What class are you in now?	labels:About a dozen, but they should be behind the horse by now, because he hasn't been here for two months.
text:You guys were last one week on summer vacation, weren't you?	labels:That's not what I do for a week of summer vacations.
text:If it's easy for your mother to leave the child's name, I'll check it out and I'll call you back at the end of the week.	labels:The yellow, yellow, yellow, dark quiet, safe, because they were a teacher and then did not reach his cell phone, so I think he was supposed to be in class every Friday afternoon.
text:Every Friday afternoon, right? Right.	labels:Every Friday afternoon, and then because I saw that Monday, right? For the most basic.I don't think so.It's a good idea to build a new concept, and then our little friend is a year younger than his classmates, and then I think if it's not appropriate, because it's not realistic to make up for two months, and then I think it's time to change.
text:But I don't know if the change of time matches you, so I'm gonna check it out for you first.	labels:Yes, I am now, not Saturday night, not Sunday morning.
text:Sunday morning, right? Mm-hmm.	labels:Not for these two periods, the rest of the time should not be a problem at this time.
text:What class are you going to give him?I don't think so.The first lesson is still.	labels:A dozen grams or so, 15.
text:Fifteen grams or so.I don't think so.Okay, so I'm kind of like, 'cause he's resting today, so I'm kind of helping you with your class, or he's going to work tomorrow, so let me get back to you, see if you're right for the rest of the time, and I'll give you a relay, okay?	labels:Yes, thank you, it's okay.
text:I'm in trouble. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:He estimates he's gone back to see if his cell phone is there.I don't think so.Thank you. Every call at home.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Are there any other courses needed? 777.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, this is Shaki Fai's Zhang. Where are you? I'm the head teacher of Ahli's class, Mr. Lee. Hello, you're reporting a new course on steel construction three. We're going to class at 3:30-6. We're moving to Pudong Food City. Have you heard of this side of the ninth floor? Do you know where? I'm just going to tell you what you know about the first medical journey on Jang Road? That's where I know that McDonald's next to the upper floor, right?I don't think so.How are we going to get up there? There's a straight elevator on the first floor.I don't think so.It's not the old room, it's not the old room, it's not the old one, it's not there for a long time, is it? It's the old one, right?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Pop, pop, pop.	labels:Hello, sir. I'm a teacher at Lin's University School. Remember the last time you called.
text:Look.	labels:Don't need to go.
text:We've done it over there. Where is it? We're on the bridge, right?	labels:It's closer over there, isn't it?
text:There's a mom who's got a class over there, so we're going over there, like this.	labels:Okay, it's okay.I don't think so.Bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:I can't eat it back.	labels:Talk about something.
text:Car access was a terrible experience in history and experience experience. It's a lot of trouble.	labels:Actually, QQ is produce, isn't it?	episode_done:True
text:Yes, thank you, Cao. Hello, Shanghai Telecom is at your service.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Please enter the telephone number you want to dial and press the well button to confirm that you want to know the details of the fee.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:There's nothing else.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Little Fish King Vinya, good. Fourth Brother.	labels:The parents are here.
text:I don't know if I can't be there, and I don't feel like I'm here on a Tuesday because I'm one of them.	labels:Come by Tuesday, right? If it's like that, I'm looking for one, and you're calling me today.
text:Zhou Yu, Zhou Yu, Zhou Yu Yui and Zhou Yu Yui are on the other side of the week.	labels:Yuzu called because I called my mom and told me I was wrong.
text:Okay.	labels:There's only one phone in the system.
text:I'll sign up and check it out.	labels:He's 99. I think I checked.
text:August is also September.I don't think so.Wait a minute. I'll take this.	labels:No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
text:Bones up.	labels:We're home fast.
text:Tighter.	labels:Registered on 28 August.
text:August 28th? I'll look for the original form. Where did you put it?	labels:Zhou Yuyun is reading the new concept, signed up on 28th of February, before I put it on the second floor of our bookshelve.
text:I choose the silver bank.	labels:It's supposed to be on the right, top of the left.
text:Okay.	labels:Okay. Bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Li Wanyu. Hello.	labels:I'd like to see if Mr. Yue is here.
text:Mr. Yue.	labels:Today's break, right? You're right. I'm Ji-ho's mother. I didn't know he had English classes the other summer.
text:Is Zhang Zi Ho the upper Chinese syntax?	labels:No, he's on the middle grade.
text:Write, right?	labels:I'm not going to be late at the end of September. Teacher Jin's Chinese grammar is correct. I'm going to come to work. I'm just going to ask for details.
text:This class, right?I don't think so.Let me take a look at this class.	labels:The last time I asked, I thought it was the end of September, the 27th and the 21st.
text:It could be delayed by a week, almost as early as the end of September and early October.	labels:In this case, I am preparing for Mr. Yu Jing, who I was going to report to today's session, not if he doesn't go to work today, he will come to work tomorrow, and I will come tomorrow.
text:Yes, you can come tomorrow. He'll be here tomorrow.	labels:Because I would also like to ask for some details, that is, we start as scheduled, and the other lesson is Sunday.
text:12:30-3 p.m. Weekly days.	labels:On Sundays, because I haven't been reporting, I'm not going to English, I'm going to language and mathematics, the teacher's going to make sure it's time, and now it's Saturday, so I'm just going to take a look at this, so how much can I pay for tomorrow?
text:That's 50 hours. You're reporting a grammar class, right?	labels:I'm keeping too much for now, too much for that.
text:Good one three.	labels:Five, fifty hours. What time is it?
text:50 hours, 25 times in the last two and a half hours, and 20 times in less than half a year.	labels:It's the end of spring, isn't it?
text:Up to the end of Spring Festival for about March.	labels:It's about March, and that's the end of the test, isn't it?
text:You're in the third grade, right? You're in the third grade now, aren't you?	labels:It's number three for me now.
text:You can help him in October in the first three years. We have a plot to hit. You can report it to him.	labels:I just want to see the time, because the Saturday you just told you about, you look at the language of mathematics in the morning, you happen to be at noon on Sundays, and if it's too late or too hard for the child, I don't think it's always a good thing to finish grammar, because he's not a mid-summer, I want him to go to grammar for a while, and if you're still in conflict after the end of grammar, I can go to that or not.I don't think so.Okay, it's okay.
text:All right, you can come over tomorrow. All right, teacher's here tomorrow.	labels:That's because I don't want to ask about how much money.
text:550 can swipe cards. 4950.	labels:4950, just like last time, okay, I know, I can swipe the cards for 1950 hours? Sunday at 12 noon to 2:30, 12:30, it's the right thing to do. I can't hear you upstairs. Thank you very much. I'll come tomorrow. Okay, 9th, right? I'll be there.
text:You'll be here at 9:00. You'll be at work tomorrow at 10:00.	labels:It's okay, I know. Come over later. Okay, that's it, bye.	episode_done:True
text:Because we must not be very good at the job, because China is the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, so that's more professional.	labels:Hi, it's the parents of Xie Jun-kai's little friend. Hi, I'm the teacher of Ulrich. I'm calling to remind you of the new concept of the kids. I'm starting school tomorrow afternoon.I don't think so.All right, kids, don't be late. Okay, we'll write it at the door when the classroom comes, because our classroom is named after the university, so why don't you come and see it later? Thank you. Okay, bye.	episode_done:True
text:Your Majesty. How do you do? I'd like to ask if you have a foreign language.	labels:How old are you?
text:I want you to check it out for me.	labels:Is that what you want from the whole class? Is that what you're talking about?
text:Did you?	labels:This one's still...
text:Nothing.	labels:For all religions.
text:I'm over 1,000 bucks on how to get it.	labels:Are you gonna do that card?
text:Check it out. It's called Mao Xuan.	labels:Hold on a second. It's Mao Zedong.
text:Whispering fur.	labels:Flooding water.
text:Hung Wei's Wi.	labels:But I'm nothing grand.
text:Says there's more than 1,000 of you.	labels:Hold on a second.	labels:Thank you.	labels:There's just two people from it, and Monday's is the 6th of December.	labels:There's a one-person class director who can't get out.	labels:It's all short hair.	labels:If you want that class to come out, I think this can be moved to that class a little earlier.	labels:Before the 14th and 11th of November, we have to go to class on Saturday at 3.30 p.m. on Sunday.	labels:If a teacher takes this class, it doesn't seem to be the case in Shanghai.	labels:He looks like the new class looks like it's on my cell number.	labels:That's the position.	labels:I don't want to recruit any more of the three people who are starting this week.	labels:These six people, if I tell you about three students this year, how can you tell if he has more than 80 bucks?	labels:Because there's a plug in the back, and there's a plug in the line, and there's a plug in the line.	labels:So we did, but we didn't, because he called.	labels:I just hung up.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, I'm the other one who replied to the campus teacher. My last name is Gu. Hi, you're reporting that the kid signed up for sbs class, right?	labels:It's not a sign-up, it's what we used to be.
text:I know you've turned around. And I'd like to tell you that we started this class on September 5. Yeah, it's 3:30-6, and then it's normal Saturday.	labels:From 3:30 to 6 p.m.
text:Yeah, well, then come by 1-5-10 minutes early, and I'll send you schoolbooks.	labels:Okay, so we don't have Harvard kids in English. Can we keep up with this?
text:What stage have you reached?	labels:On a two-a-yay-two.
text:I don't think that's a big problem, because it's not hard to get ahead of Sbs.	labels:Well, it's mostly not grammar or word, right?
text:Yeah, it's mainly a word and a word, and it's a little syntax, but it's very simple. Yeah, it starts with the introductory syntax, and it goes back and forth, so don't worry, it's not gonna keep up, okay? See you later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:This one's good for you, and the rest of us are your accident. If the next thing you know, I'm gonna say hello.	labels:Is it Lee Sheng-bin? Hello, I'm Mr. Lee of Allan's class.I don't think so.Mr. Liu, since we're almost finished, we've got five classes left, and most of the students in the class are still following Mr. Kong. I'd like to ask you if this is what you're going to do. Or what?
text:We're not going to go on reading.	labels:You don't need the rest of the classes, do you? No, no, I don't need the rest of the classes.
text:Let's make it up to you first.	labels:What's the main part of it? Does it feel bad on this side? Or what?
text:No, we can't go on vacation. We can't go on vacation.	labels:That's what your mother said.
text:There's no way a child can be taught after school.	labels:You're going to go home for the summer? Yeah. That's right. Good.
text:Okay.	labels:Bye-bye. Bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Don't worry, it's expensive, it's not together, and you're more than happy about it, so I'm not staying here without a history that I can't stop, which doesn't mean I don't want to go anywhere.	labels:Hello, I'm a teacher in Yang Ling. You've had consultations, uh, and you've had a lot of pedigrees in the public opinion. And now we're here to see that you've got a third-class prize for two gifts, one for a good book, and then it's a compilation of some of the wrongs, and one for the lectures on October 17th and 18th, and there's four on the 18th, so I'd like to ask if you have time to attend.
text:It's not necessarily a weekend.	labels:Not even on a Saturday, is it?
text:It's not possible to go out on weekends.	labels:What's your kid's grade?
text:Four, four, five, five?	labels:It was him who gave two lectures, one in English, our primary school, and the other in a national class of excellence, with such technical interpretation, and the other in the Tofu subject.
text:It's a very valuable prize, isn't it?	labels:Right.I don't think so.It's a public good kind of lecture, and it's about learning English, yeah.
text:It may not be possible to attend this time.	labels:Is that right? Did your kid have any problems with English or the part that you wanted to raise?
text:OKAY.	labels:Have you been out there for tutoring? Is that what you're going to do?
text:You haven't been looking lately. You don't think so?	labels:Because in the fifth grade, you're going to be promoted, aren't you?
text:By the sixth grade?	labels:Sixth grade, fifth grade, first grade. Which school are you from?
text:Without us, it's mostly because he's not here. I may not be able to do it this time, so let's just forget it.	labels:Okay, I'll talk to you next time if there's anything else. Bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:All right, all right, all right.	labels:Hello, are you Shenyang's parents in English?
text:Yes, hello.	labels:I'm Only's teacher, and, like, the kid's got a mid-level interpreter before, and he's doing a back-to-back interview here.
text:Checked. You said 155.5, 35.	labels:155.5? The good boy's score is over. Do you remember the children's individual scores? How much is the hearing?
text:I can't remember.	labels:I can't remember, can I?I don't think so.It's as if I've tried it anyway, and I'd like to ask you this, because I saw you before reporting on our test, and there's no choice here.
text:I spoke to their teacher today, which means that he said that because of his day off, he will report for me tomorrow, because I want a VIP on a one-on-one course.	labels:All right, I'll talk to his class chief. Well, congratulations anyway, because we're counting a pass rate, okay?
text:What's your pass rate now?	labels:You're lucky you're my fourth parent. At the moment, several parents on my side have passed, and one of the kids said Tang had a 200,05.5 test.I don't think so.I think it's a little exaggeration, but it's a good thing. It's a good thing, because I've got four kids on my side, and one of them hasn't done it yet.
text:Come on down. Is that right?I don't think so.All right, all right.	labels:All right, all right, you first.
text:Let me start by asking if you're a one-on-one teacher, you're a regular teacher, or you're a teacher who hired another examiner.	labels:You're a regular teacher, aren't you?
text:This one too.	labels:I don't know. I'm gonna go ask your middle school teacher.
text:All right, all right.	labels:All right, bye.	episode_done:True
text:Eight. Hello.	labels:Soros, I'll say I am.
text:I am.	labels:It's Wang Wai from Koobridge. I'm having a problem with Wang Wai from the University of Daehua because the teacher has some intensive classes of technical interpreters, and now he's in conflict with the new concept, and I think because we're all new teachers, and Nakayama is now in the district to strengthen the interpreters.
text:Can't make anything of yourself.	labels:Can you give Mr. Yu Qing a lift, because he brought a few reinforcements last year?
text:Does he have time?	labels:He had time, because if he did not bring it, it would have been possible for Mr. Jussan to bring the new concept to Mr. Yu Qin for four lessons, because he was honest and I feared that good intentions would result in a refund.
text:Oceanwalk can be fine, you give him what you want, you ask him for his opinion. Can he come in time for a lecture or something, because we'll talk about it tomorrow, if you change him.	labels:Okay, because I know there's a new protege tomorrow, and if I can, I'll let the teacher go to the training tomorrow.
text:Okay, okay.	labels:No problem. Thank you very much. Thank you very much.	episode_done:True
text:Wu.	labels:The teacher's son signed up again.
text:So this son must have been there.	labels:Hello, is it the parents of Gui Ho Qing?	labels:Right.	labels:Hi, I'm here to contact the teacher on the other side.	labels:, the interface.	labels:We are.	labels:This Friday night.	labels:8:30.	labels:~Nurse starts on time.Talk to the 7th.8:30.Talk to the 8th.I'm sorry, 6:30. 6:30. I was wrong. I thought of 18:30. Sorry about that teacher.Talker 9.I've heard friends say that.Talk to the 7th.What's next year's performance appraisal.Talker 9.Yeah.Talk to the 7th.Do you have that age limit?
text:It's not like that.Talk to ten.It's all a miscommunication, not a limitation.	labels:Just say no.	labels:Low-age children.Talk to the 8th.There's no limit.Talk to ten.That's blackmail. I don't know why.	labels:All of a sudden.	labels:A lot of parents ask.Talk to ten.But it's not about limits.Talk to the 8th.It's not recommended.	labels:Right.
text:It's okay, I guess as long as it's okay.	labels:For sure as long as it's good.Talk to the 8th.Ecclesiastical.	labels:Okay, that's it. Mm-hmm. Bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Mrs. Kim? Hi, Mrs. Wong, I'd like to ask you something because we're not on leave on September 3rd, we're transferring to class tomorrow, and then the classics are off. Then I'd like to ask if we can make it.I don't think so.Tomorrow is.
text:Wednesday, he could end at 4:15.	labels:It's 4:15, right?I don't think so.All right, I got it. I'll record it here, because I'm going to ask all the kids in the class, and if there's not a lot of people, I'm going to set it up.
text:It'll be better if it's on the rest day.	labels:Because we can only be transferred at this time, otherwise the other classes will have to be transferred to another time, and then I will arrange for this, which means that if not, we will stop once.I don't think so.Yeah, and then we'll go back one more time, and then I'll send one more in the crowd, or I'll send a single message.
text:It's harder for us to have the fastest 4.30 to 4.30, he comes out at 4:15, and then because he's far away.	labels:Okay.
text:Tell him to drive in the past if you want.	labels:Yeah, I know. I'll take a look. Good-bye.
text:Good-bye. Yeah.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Besides, hello.	labels:You're an apprentice, aren't you? Yes. I think my daughter's in fifth grade this year. She used to read her clothes and wear a little tail more often than you. She kept calling me.
text:Okay, I'll call the bus teacher later. Okay.	labels:I'm free. Why don't you let him call me now?
text:Which teacher called you earlier?	labels:I forgot his last name.
text:Does anyone have my number without them?I don't think so.It's okay, because one of the boys on this side is changing campus. I'll call your supervisor. He's on the phone. You leave me another phone, and I'll ask him to call you? Okay.	labels:I'm telling you now, my idea is that I want him to step up.
text:To increase the intensity.	labels:New concepts or such intensive classes as minor promotions.
text:Thank you very much. What grade is it?	labels:This year's fifth grade.
text:Fifth grade what elementary school.	labels:We're at Shanghai City Experiment School, and he's in English or in his own class.
text:It's okay, it's okay.	labels:The Shanghai Experimental Primary School prepares, for example, for such advanced classes. Yes.
text:I'll call the teacher's class teacher here to give you a call, okay? Mama's name is Tian Wu? Miss Wu. Okay.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:8th. Mr. Wang, you've just made the number of valuables on cabinet number 28,29 so they can fill it out. Shouldn't the number of you should be in the list in Kibei's? What is it that they're filling out the sales daily, for example, if I open number 28 and wait for 28? They didn't say there is. Yes, it's not two classmates, 4,000, 42,000, right?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. The number is empty. Please check.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Mrs. Zhang. Excuse me. I'm speaking English. I'd like to know if the kids are going to learn English.	episode_done:True
text:Mrs. Zhao. Hi, I'm Anidafo School. I'm Mr.-in-law. Our client service said you had time on the 44th and 5th, right?	labels:Number five, I'll take a look at number three.
text:Number 5 is Friday.	labels:Saturday, you mean try it on, don't you?
text:Yeah, 'cause class starts next week. Then you want to hear it? I'll set you up here.	labels:Let me see. Number five, that's number five.
text:Five, that's it.	labels:Five, five, five, four, or...
text:Friday, 4th? For you in the morning or not?	labels:4 p.m. should be 4. What's the number today? I think it's a little messy.
text:We'll have 12:30 on the 4th. Do you have a minute? 12:30 on the 4th.	labels:Not at night?
text:3:30-6 p.m. at night.	labels:Is number four in class? No class.
text:The kids will be in class on the 6th. The school will be in class on Sundays. Okay.	labels:It's still noon.
text:It's noon, isn't it? It's 12:30.	labels:Can do it.
text:I'll pick a slightly lighter class at 12:30, okay?	labels:Okay.
text:Okay, we'll see you Friday.	labels:Okay, I'll write it down later. 50-22.
text:If you come with your father, we'll arrange for a parent to come in.	labels:I know who I am. All right, 12:30. All right, just give me the address.
text:Right? Right.	labels:All right, I'm mostly on the phone. I'm mainly talking to him.
text:Yes.	labels:The numbers are different, the 400 numbers are different, the one is turned, the other is not.
text:So you're worried about it, because there's too much to believe in. Okay, let's talk about it at noon. Good-bye. Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Li Wan.	labels:Mr. Rain is waiting.
text:Okay, go ahead.	labels:Mr. Wang, you still haven't done your time, or I'll help you make me that account number.
text:Can I not do it right? What are you not doing?I don't think so.One-on-one, if you don't do it for me, but I don't know what to do with the number of hours, the number of hours left. He has the number of hours left, but he doesn't know the number of hours left.	labels:Of course, that's what it should be. If it comes out, it'll show the number of hours you have left. For example, you've got a hundred times left, and I'll show you 50.
text:You see Wang Wai and then six zeros.	labels:Okay, I'll take a look.
text:And if you don't feel right, you can tell me then. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mother Xue. This is Mr. Wu, who runs the school district with his father's foreign language. Hello, you've reported on a Tofu basics course, right? Then on Saturdays. Saturdays. Right. Sundays.I don't think so.Yeah. I'll take a closer look at the 18th, okay? It's 12:30 to 3:15 on Sunday. Then I'll wait for the teacher to go, and then I'll add your micro-mail, and I'll add your cell phone number to your micro-mail. You can add it to your micro-mail.I don't think so.I may not, but I'm not in the country right now, but I'm probably gonna have to wait for the Internet to add the address, so you can tell your classmates about the address, and then we're at 601 Zhangyang Road, 600 Pundong Food City, and you're 800 to the side, 'cause there's two food trucks, then there's two food stores, and there's a general food store, and then we're in the liquor store in Pudong Food City, and I'll send you a message later. Don't you know?I don't think so.I'll send you a text message if you want to add my cell phone number. You tell him to come to class at 12:30. Okay, well, good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Ray Manon.	labels:Excuse me, is Mr. Ningpo here?
text:Mr. Lin is taking a break today. It's all right.	labels:Me too, I'll sign up.I don't think so.The third afternoon lecture will be a good memory of 1:30.
text:So what do you mean you didn't hear me?	labels:You don't have a bonus on your side.
text:What's the student's name?	labels:Xu Fang.
text:Xu what Xu Fong.	labels:Is my sister Miss Limpo?
text:I know Xu Fangjie, right? It's the right direction, the brilliant Jay.	labels:It's the state of the nation.
text:Right, Xu Bunjee? Yes, keep a phone call slowly? 138138181717171558.I don't think so.1582138181758, ask your classmates what grade basic interpreter lecture is right now?	labels:I don't think that's a good signal. Can you ask Mr. Lin for it?
text:Because I asked Mr. Lin to ask him to be you too.	labels:Because I don't have a good signal at the airport. Should I ask Mr. Lin? Thank you.
text:Okay, thank you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Also, you have the floor.	labels:Hello, sir. I'd like to ask you if there's any lessons on Saturday at 12:30 to 15:00 or Friday night at 4546. At 45 grams.
text:gram can be 40 grams.	labels:40 grams or so.
text:40 grams is Saturday at 12:15 to 2:45.	labels:Right? That's right. Twenty, 12:15 to 2:45 at 12 o'clock. That's Ben's, isn't it?
text:Yeah, Ben's mini class.	labels:Okay, so when I'm done, I'm gonna go check it out, okay?
text:All right, hold on a second. You're going to have Saturday and Sunday afternoon.	labels:It's okay, right? Saturday morning's not good. Saturday morning's when he's empty. I'll show you the other classes.
text:Another class is Saturday at 12:30 to 15:00.	labels:It started with 57, what class? 57, 50 grams, 57, 57, 57 is too long.
text:Sunday at 3:15-5:45 p.m. there's a 47-gram class, but this class.	labels:Wednesday's not gonna work. We'll be out at 4:00. Okay.
text:Only this class is more suitable for you.	labels:Saturday.
text:Class 12 at noon.	labels:One-gram-to-40 grams. You're all the same, aren't you? It's the same thing.
text:It's all the same, as long as you go to 240 hours of the Golden Prize.	labels:It's 140 grams on the line. He's 15 or so from the class anyway, right.
text:Ben's supposed to be 1010 people.	labels:Okay, I'll take a look at the time, 40 grams, right?I don't think so.40 grams about 10.
text:Yeah, if you're going to do a transfer, or you're going to do a break-in.	labels:Okay, I know thanks, and then I'm gonna go straight to you, or I'm gonna go to the old open campus, and then I'm gonna turn around.
text:Just tell me what class you're in. I'll take a look at it.	labels:People call him "I don't know him" because of people.
text:There must be 240 hours of excellent lectures on radio, as this class is taught once.	labels:He seems to have been in the last class.
text:One-and-a-half, right?I don't think so.It's a little faster up there.I don't think so.Yes, because we have a mother for a gram and a half that takes longer than one and a half a lesson at this time, you might make a difference.	labels:Astronomer 2 m 143394.
text:Okay. 143394 right to you.I don't think so.Wait a minute. If you're going to turn around, maybe I'll help you with a formality, depending on when you come, and then the class is not very large, so you can choose a place. And because this class is the last class, because I know that most people are in class 150, that's the first class or about a half. Yeah, maybe you'll make a difference. I'll tell you about it. And when you come, bring the whole book, and I'll change your instructions, because it's not the same.	labels:Right?
text:I'll help you with a new lecture, because at the last golden prize of the previous class, his presentation has an additional and expanded subject, which may make a difference.I don't think so.That's right. Before the award, you could study it, except that there might be more on his back, more on his back, more on his back, more on his back, more on his hand, more on his hand, more on his hand, more on his hand.	labels:It's a little more detailed here.
text:Isn't it true that the best class is a little longer, and that there will be a little more expansion?	labels:How much time does it take? Six months.
text:The next one-and-a-half is probably 60 sessions. So this is 96 sessions, about four months away, more than 36, 36, 4, 9 36, about eight months.	labels:How long do you have until the end of the new concept two?
text:After all, if you report for the entire class, for example, 240 hours, it's almost two years ago.I don't think so.If you're starting now, he'll probably end up in 16 years or so in July.	labels:Just next July.
text:How many promotions do you have? How many promotions do you have?	labels:We're moving up to fifth grade, now fifth grade.
text:That's enough to go slowly. Yes, you will. That's all right. In general, you're four and five. You're four and five, right? You're on the fifth grade, because you're not too old, and you're not in a hurry.	labels:We're in fifth grade now.
text:I know you're in fifth grade. So you were born in '05. 0405 was almost the same fight as my son, right?I don't think so.If this progress comes to him, it's good, because after all, you've been in more than 40 classes, 80 grams after 6770 grams, he'll probably get a little touch of high school stuff, and he won't be able to take it too fast. Right?	labels:Because it's so close to my house, I used to work with his brother at the same place as his brother, and now his brother's class is out, and I don't want to take him away from him alone.
text:It's okay. You can switch it over.	labels:Okay, Saturday, right? This is the time for Saturday, right?
text:Or else, because I didn't know you were in class on a Sunday.	labels:I'm you, people are taking lessons on Friday night.
text:If you're free in the next two days, I'll help you with the paperwork by Friday night, so that you don't spend your time there, because we're on the system, so I'll just turn you around.	labels:Okay, I know. What's your last name?
text:My name is Wang Sanju.	labels:All of you, all of you, all of you, all of you, all of you, all of you, all of you, all right, all right, all right, all right, all right.
text:Thank you so much so good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Please enter the number you want to dial and press the well button to confirm it.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Education on the third floor what? Hello.	labels:Right? Yes. I'm from the Father's Office in Ollie. Hello, Mr. Wu. You've reported on a Tofu course.
text:What am I.	labels:Didn't you take the first two classes of reading when you signed up with Mr. Kwok?
text:What do you mean? No. Are we reading the first two lessons?	labels:For the first two lessons of yours.
text:We're late, we've started the course, and then we're in the middle.	labels:It's not that you haven't started your shift. I haven't started my class. Are you taking classes at other stages?
text:It's probably on the vocabulary or something.	labels:You're going to give it to Ali. What time is it on Saturday, third floor? He's hot and crying, he's going up and down.
text:Like a vocabulary.	labels:Tofu doesn't have a vocabulary.
text:Then follow the readings.	labels:It's in the barberhouse, right? Because I may have split it twice, and I don't know, because I don't know, it's all there, it's all there, it's more crying here.I don't think so.March 5th, February 5th, March 37th. I don't think it's okay to take a single light.
text:I'm afraid Mom left here in a gift the other day.	labels:Now I have a new shift here. I'll take a look at it later on Saturday morning. Wait a minute.
text:So I feel this.	labels:It's Saturday, right? But there's a writing class behind him, and it's Saturday morning from 9 to 11.30 when you read it, right? Why do I have a hard day at work that starts next week, October 10th? I'm just in the middle of the reform.
text:Which room?I don't think so.Arrests were made at the end of the month.	labels:He didn't get off until October 31st, March 31st. That's right. All right, 'cause I just got up here and I just got up on the hill last time, okay?
text:Okay.	labels:It's just that it's hard on the bridge, it's good on the bridge, it's all gone for months, so next week I'll wait for October 31st.	episode_done:True
text:Welcome.	labels:Call BIVISG. Hello.
text:Hello, Miss King, right? Yes.	labels:I am.
text:A teacher in Angry Language, would you like to know if you need any more of the lessons you've had with Little Tofford before?	labels:We'll probably think about it later. Not now. I'll be in touch.	labels:Okay, okay.
text:Are you thinking about this semester? Because we're going to start a new class at the Academy.	labels:I'll call you back then. I'll see you later, okay?	labels:Thanks, okay, bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is that Wong Lee? Yes.	labels:When will mid-level interpretation begin?
text:The mid-level interpreter is next Saturday. This week is wrong. Saturday, 5th of September, tomorrow.	labels:It was not meant to be notified, and it was not notified.
text:Yeah, I should've called you today.	labels:All right, we'll be in class on Saturday morning.
text:Yeah, well, I'll talk to the teacher. Why don't you come to class tomorrow? So bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lin Man-un.	labels:I've got a friend named Jung Jin-ho here. How much more money does he have in his card?
text:That's right. Yeah, it's our campus, isn't it?	labels:How do you write? The town is the town of Sulu, the scenery is the scenery, the luxury is the pride.
text:Proud Ho, right.I don't think so.Are you sure it's our card account? Because I don't know the balance of the child's income.	labels:How about the card number?
text:Is he stuck on your side?I don't think so.For me.I don't think so.Ultraviolet view, landscape view.	labels:Howe, proud of not having one. And there's another one called the top, the top of the top.
text:Come on.	labels:Hold on a second. This way too? Thank you.I don't think so.Okay, what about the 3000 up there? I think.
text:That's what I'm talking about.	labels:The balance available is 3600.
text:+5,000 gift, okay.	labels:Good to know, good to know.
text:Even if you see it.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:The number you have dialed is busy. Please try again later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:How is he? Ok, how are they?	labels:Hello, Mary Chow? Hi, I found two parts read together, and that's the basic part, which is not reading, hearing, oral reading, writing, which is that you can read two parts, like hearing and spoken at the same time, before I asked our teacher, so that two parts read together until next March, and if the kids are anxious, that is, if they want to read it as soon as possible, maybe three parts read together, and maybe three parts read together at the end of January, then one part can end at the end of January, and then one part can be read again at the end of the week.
text:I don't think I've heard that much.	labels:In this case, the basic part is divided into hearing, spoken, read and written, and then the basic 44 parts form a basic course, which can be read in both parts, i.e. the hearing part and the spoken part or the reading part, which is based on the case of the little friend, and the two who feel that he is relatively easy, so that both courses can be read on a Saturday or a Sunday or two on a Saturday, thus saving some time.
text:How much does that cost?	labels:We have two and a half hours in one course, which means that both parts of him are reading at the same time, for example, that he is hearing in the morning, that he is hearing two and a half hours after the end of the two sessions, and that in the middle, for example, three and a half hours in the morning, the last word or the last reading, five hours a day, then two parts are reading at the same time, and we are reading at the same time 10 weeks, and two parts are reading at the same time, that is, a time that can be saved by 10 weeks at a time.
text:If you say that I think of two parts, let's assume that what I say in this area is in two senses.	labels:Two and a half months in two parts.
text:Two pairs.	labels:This is the case for two more parts, if your time is tight, which means that the remaining two parts can be read at the end of the second part and the latter two at the same time, so that it takes five months to block the whole foundation.
text:Yeah, if you have this way.	labels:We now have some of our Tofu basic courses that are just starting, so it's up to the kids to get the right part, you might have to come to the campus, you can see which part is the right time, and you can see which two parts can be read at the same time, and that's the way it is.
text:If that's what you say, like his family.	labels:Look at it. It's not a good signal.
text:I'll say if you say basics till March next year.	labels:Right.
text:Intensive classes.	labels:Here's the thing: we're in the middle of February, and we'll have an intensive class this month, and you can get your little friends to come, if you say that if you're a kid because we usually teach every day on Monday to Friday, and if you think he's OK, you can learn in a month, then later on, you'll be more time-strained than you are at the back of your exam, but there will be no too much time for a conflict.
text:It's not you that he's reinforced by what you're saying.	labels:This is the case during the first half of the month, when the enhanced class is completed within a month, it will take longer, for example, from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m.
text:I know. I mean, he didn't finish his base management.	labels:If there's only about a few hours left on the basis, this won't do much good.
text:There are a few features, because you see it's a two-to-two-month center, or is it half as much as he's now.	labels:There's two parts. The two parts on the Internet are right, and the rest of the parts are probably up to a maximum of one to half, yes.
text:So he's worried that he'll be able to catch up with two things you don't have, that's to say, they don't. No, it's not what they're going to say.	labels:So if you're doing this now, you can do one-on-one with the later reinforcements, and so on.
text:Four.	labels:On the other hand, it could be very tiring, at least three more.I don't think so.For a maximum of three parts, hearing should be relatively unproblematic for him.I don't think so.So hearing and reading, for example, can go on with one more writing or one more mouth to talk to the little friend about which part he feels is not going to be very hard on him, and the three parts can go on together, but if the four parts go on together, the little one may still be very hard on him.
text:Yeah, I'll talk to him. I'll talk to him later, then I'll talk to him.	labels:Okay, good-bye. Yeah, there should be.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, LEE Wei. Hello.	labels:I was wondering, do you guys have all five-star pre-test training, all five-star training?
text:X is a basic interpreter, because all five stars of the agricultural department are meant for physical rehabilitation.	labels:Go in first.
text:Which means you're going to be preparing a certificate of intention. Right, because it could be an Alagre, I think one of the most gold-bearing technical interpreters in Shanghai at the time was that there was a course. The All-Five Star might be a little simpler, though, right?	labels:I know the basics. I probably understand the possibility of going out.
text:Technical interpretation is generally like this, and the kid now has any new concepts or some training in the English language.	labels:There are 300 people who read the system and all kinds of hearts of the English language itself.
text:The system gw, because there is a plot in the building, and I have a lot more, because I have a whole new concept because I'm only supposed to try a little bit more with the material.I don't think so.If you want to remember the interpretation, we ask for a new concept for you, which is almost half-measured that you will be able to learn, or that he will be able to do so in his oral language, because he has written tests and oral tests at the time of the examination.	labels:Japan felt the smell of light words to East China, so it might be possible to kill them.I don't think so.Yeah, that's my difference right there, because what's going around, what's going on, what's going on, what's going on, what's going on, what's going on, what's going on.
text:Yeah, well, it's called the written test, because it's called the oral test, because it means that we have classes and uploads of clinical reactions, like teachers who speak a series of Chinese, you have a series of English, and you just have to understand it, and you can do it.	labels:I've been able to take the exam since today.
text:And then there's a little promotion you said you're going to think of as coming back, you twice.	labels:Two Indonesians, right, then Beijing.
text:In Beijing, if it's true, he's almost six months in school, or you're studying in the summer, because it's mainly based on a new concept, and then he's trained intensively in the summer or in the cold.	labels:Because I've got a lot of people who understand me for the rest of their lives next summer.
text:Because the basic interpretation is like this, the difficulty of what we say on our side is the difficulty of the third level of university, so there are classes in the formal countryside and Chinese in Shanghai just now, or both Chinese and Northern Science.I don't think so.Later, he chose a very gold-rich knock-on-the-door brick, in the official words of Sebeit.	labels:I understand what I'm saying is you're gonna tell me you have some training here, or he is.
text:He's the last day of the week you say it's in the summer or something? We go every day in the summer.	labels:Or are you reading two months a month or two a day?
text:A month a month.	labels:A month's summer break is a month, followed by every morning and afternoon.
text:In general, we've been here for three hours.I don't think so.The hour's right, the day.	labels:Well, that's what he usually does, because I don't know much about exams, and all I want to know is how many grades I can start.
text:You can do it now if you want.	labels:Kids say I'm a relative with a little Internet friend.
text:We'll go a little more in the fourth grade, right, because he's right, because parents think that one year is the first April test for him and the second is the second, that is, in October of the second half of the year.	labels:It's October once in April, yes, so you only have summer classes.
text:There's always the same thing.	labels:You're a regular tutor, aren't you?
text:Like one.	labels:A week on Saturdays.
text:The bitterness of the water.	labels:Take a cup of wine to the ointment, for example, did you just score this number on your side?
text:Unlike Mr. Xu, Ms. Xu may be by age, our words here are based on the level of our children, who were tested two years ago for basic spoken language by Elyco's pursuit.	labels:But that's a two-bit split, isn't it?I don't think so.Yeah, well, there are two kinds of tutorials on your side, and if it's a summer break, it's a three-hour mix or something.
text:We'll be busy on our side during the summer, but you'll have to think of a new concept, and that's a good foundation.	labels:If we haven't read the new concept, then we'll test it here and think we can finish it.
text:Test it.I don't think so.Yes.	labels:Because I'm not sure I'm going to read the new concept now.
text:You're right now to be promoted to third grade.	labels:This is the third of September.
text:Grade and grade.	labels:I don't understand. I think it's a lot of work, because I didn't want him to run across to Gary yesterday.
text:You can do this, you can do this for a year, and you can test the loss for the next year on a live basis.	labels:Some users are simply individually available for registration on the Internet.
text:It's pretty white. It's about June in the first half of the year.	labels:He died in June against me in June on Monday.
text:Waiting for me to use my words as a basis, because this is something that can be intense during the summer, but it's mainly a bit of a vocabulary, or it's something that says you've just learned to speak, and it's a switch in a Chinese-English translation, and if he doesn't reach that level, he's going to have a new concept before.	labels:Let's see what's going on here, or I'll bring him here for a test, okay?I don't think so.Whenever it's convenient.
text:Alakat can, usually I'm on weekends.	labels:You just got here and you're dead. Get me started.
text:It's probably a variety of tests after you've just arrived, because Arance can rent it, and he says it's a new concept car. How does it look?	labels:Qq may be biased, because IQs also have cats and their logic, including spelling words.
text:Spelling words, right?	labels:Ask him how he's doing.
text:Isn't that right? He's always been able to communicate with them in diplomacy, because he may be speaking and writing and writing.	labels:It's better to speak than to speak his own language, which includes both writing and writing, but there are, in particular, a lot of grammars that are not very correct.
text:The Ingls.	labels:Whatever you know comes out and it's okay.I don't think so.Feels good.
text:You can't teach foreigners about grammar. You're right.	labels:It's just that you let him write, but it's kind of messy, and it's not like you've ever learned anything about a Chinese-style animal system of education.
text:I understand.	labels:Then it might just be that you haven't been working, and then you might be in a hurry to be abroad.
text:At your home, the AU-L North Centers are home, and Non-Quinlon Yoo has been on the street for two days to broadcast the supermarket because he's gone to China America, and some of them have made a small advance, and because Aragonu maintains five grams of Ruvishire, which means that the first choice must be to learn the school of Calida.	labels:Rita, right? Right.
text:Well, Lew can come over here and find out, because, in the words of many parents, they say that if in every district you mean Xu, your first choice must be timid, and then Lu Bay, their first choice is Lida.	labels:I know why I'm here, and I'm thinking about a 6-millimeter 8th floor.
text:I've been crying and I've been crying and I've been crying and I've been crying and I've been crying and I've been crying and I've been crying and I've been crying and I've been crying and I've been crying and I've been crying and I've been crying and I've been crying and I've been crying and I've been crying and I've been crying and I've been crying and I've been crying and I've been crying and I've been crying and I've been crying and I've been crying and I've been crying and I've been crying and I've been crying and I've been crying and I've been crying.	labels:You're the first one that needs to go to school. It's for the building.
text:The school is list b.	labels:Where do you need guidance?I don't think so.The king locked it.
text:There's no locking in the room. One of our friends on this side is a kiosk. Get Ruco over here, Kim Woo Business Building.	labels:I'd like to take this to a distant building like Oustoli.
text:We've been saying that we're not on the side of the resource building, across from the high school in Lou Bay.	labels:This way, I remember giving him the idea that this would happen.I don't think so.Should.
text:Not Henrione, Lea Is right, 'cause funny dick waits.	labels:Why are you dreaming about me? I know I'm here to fuck my little brother.
text:Any Chinese doctor who comes here is right. Okay, then I don't want to take a bite.	labels:I don't listen because my brothers are useful, so I don't matter.
text:I'm so brave in America. Well, I don't read the c-type, right? 15 is that tough, isn't it?	labels:It's so stupid.
text:Well, this place is fine, so we've got a five-dollar cut for a three-hour ride, and it's even worse than that, man, you need a zero, okay?	labels:Wang Ying.I don't think so.Wong Ying is the cure from the guided treatment.
text:The cure? Okay, Mom's phone's safe.	labels:189,189,188888.
text:So you just say but you open but say to say about how.	labels:What's a mid-farmer, just now, is full-power five stars.
text:If there's a five-star stand-by, you want a two-star first-class exam? You've done it before.	labels:We've had a two-star exam in the second grade. It's like we've got two stars. Can't we have three stars?I don't think so.I didn't notice anything in the finals.
text:By today's two weeks, because it was a long time ago, they went to the field, one of which was to say that they were all five stars, and then, because the school wasn't all negative, Odega felt that it had just been cancelled, and the kronor, which included all five stars in the encyclopedia, had just been given the name Trinity, just thought that they were selling it to a Hong Kong agency.	labels:I know it's a five-star race.
text:Competition's.I don't think so.I know 400 of Beijing's Peking Guards for the Five Stars contest, and the rural second brother's number-three magazine is so high that he can get a place, or he can go and have a chance to see what he's going to do.I don't think so.So Mr. Zhang just suggested that I wanted to go to a good school, because they were born in the Roan I Centre II, and they were called Heung Si-hyeok, and the last parent told me that they were just about to fly so that the flight should be interpreted as a rsum, for example, what you're going to do in math, what you're going to do in gold or silver, and what you're going to do in English, and then they're going to go to some cups, and then they're going to say that they're going to write something more beautiful and then they're going to put in their rsums, so that the school would think more about it or you're going to go to some of the 5th class.	labels:I know. Okay, then basic interpretation is usually at the junior middle level.
text:In that case, if the basic interpretation of the text is the basic interpretation, then it's the middle interpretation, and if you're going abroad, then you're going to go back to Cayastofo.	labels:Okay, I get it, okay?
text:So, why don't I make an appointment for you first?	labels:You're helping Lorelle.
text:I'll talk to you later, okay?	labels:Understand.
text:Okay. Outside.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Dad.	labels:Mom.
text:Okay, I can do that. Okay, because I'm in quarantine, okay? Okay.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:You've done the test, and you've invited me about 4-60. If you haven't done the test, I'll say, for example, that you haven't done the test, and this one-on-one, it's really big for you, and it's amazing for you.	labels:Hello, I'm Mr. Wang, who spoke to you last time on the phone. Yes, you wanted to confirm the time of the lecture. Did you get the text? And the address you saw? Okay, you'll be here on Saturday.	episode_done:True
text:All right, then you can choose the dog city gold prize over here. There's a December 5th. I remember there's a suitable plot for you, right? Okay, so you can talk to the kids, and then you can call to see if you want to pick the time? Okay, you'll see.	labels:Hello, Mrs. Yu. To Miss Wu.
text:Hello, Mr. Wang.	labels:Hey, Mr. Chow, I said an office job to get a cabbage, but Cabbage's not worth much.
text:Yeah, well, if you're tired of it, just come over.	labels:It's like you didn't go to class on our side. You went to a class at the end of the course, you went to the pay paper for 8 million, right? That's right. That's why it's a lot lower. If you want to report this VIP, you need to bring your carpen to us so we can do it, because that's the rule.
text:Well, then I came to talk to you last time.	labels:I'll probably go to work for a week after last year, and I'll fuck him for five weeks.
text:I was there.	labels:Because I'm doing it for him. I'm sure I'm looking for me. I said you're gonna do it for him. I'm gonna pass it to me. Because I said yes, my so-called farm girl came to see the banknotes for the bulletin, I couldn't verify how much you actually have left, so how much 5% 500 percent of us do you want to see?I don't think so.I'm right here, buddy.
text:I'll come over to Alexandria, okay.	labels:Noah's doing it himself.
text:Asia's big brother China is totally focused, right?	labels:I'm so tired, I'm so tired, I hear you're excited, I'm done with a 500, I'm done, I'm gonna take a picture of a pesticide with a cappuccino, I can do that. Okay, I can take a picture of a wholesale, I can cover my micro-mail, I can do it, man. I can do it. I can talk to you about not applying.I don't think so.The fifth thing is to do it well, it's to find out exactly how much you're paying and how much you're paying, and I want Beijing to do it, just like my cake was cooked.
text:Okay.	labels:Okay, 'cause I want to take care of him locally, 'cause I'm putting him on a list to make him happy, and I can't do anything about the water and steel income.
text:Okay, so say it.	labels:Controlling people's minds will move back to the groves, and the company will come to me, because I don't think the teacher will be able to do it, because let's not mention it.
text:It says above that he confirmed you.	labels:In the daytime, I don't have to ask.
text:I know how much you said you wanted him to remember. Please say it.	labels:I don't need a lot of bricks, because it's either less than 3 points, not 9 am, not 9 am, and I can't do it, because I'm just going to go to class. I'm sure the teachers can do it.
text:Okay.	labels:Anyway, I'll be nervous if I make a deal with you, and I'll tell you what to do, and if you listen to me, you can do whatever you can to help with it.
text:I'm trying something.I don't think so.All right, all right, all right.	labels:It's my job. I'll try to keep you as good as I can.
text:Come on, it's just a haircut. I can't remember, 'cause it's too much to do.	labels:It better be Saturday morning, right?
text:On Saturday morning.	labels:Better 500 tons. I came down here first to thank my sister for being unguided, and there's only three cards in Guangdong-King for me and for me. Okay?
text:So that's it. Here's a second outside.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Where do you put it? You go over there and test it. What do you keep it for? How do you do, teacher?	labels:Are you here, Mr. Chu?
text:I was later you and I went in the wrong direction.	labels:Where you are now.
text:Where's one of you?	labels:Didn't I send it to you? In the winehouse in Pudong Food City.
text:I saw it go there. Are you guys together? No.	labels:We're not together. We're English-only.
text:I'm right.	labels:Not together.	labels:Are you here or not?
text:I've already started testing.	labels:It's been tested.
text:Him.	labels:What kind of tests? If you don't want to see if you want to do a test here later, because I can't say it's bad, but it's true that we're not the more professional ones on his side, because they count English, which is the other language of mathematics, and we're English-only.
text:Yeah, you don't know us yet.	labels:It's a company, but it's not a business department. Yeah, because friends introduced them to you in a foreign language on the other side, and I sent them to you at the bar in General Food City.
text:Because I'm gonna stop.	labels:Yeah, because there's parking space here, it's in the underground parking lot.
text:So I looked at the meeting today and I said, "Well, I've got a little time, I've got a little time, I've got a little time, so, um, what are you testing Ipad for? Right, can you get the information? I'll come and get the information later, which is not necessary. Let's just see if you have the time.	labels:Well, yeah, you can do it anyway. You can talk to me later, okay? See you later.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Miss Po? Hello, I'm going to another major school teacher. Did you learn about the new concept class yesterday? Right, now the kids are going to grade 5? Yes, wanted to read the new concept. Right?	labels:A new concept. A new one for the summer.
text:You finished reading, right? Where did you read it?	labels:It's on your way to the campus.
text:And then you want to look at the new concept of our campus, right? Yeah.	labels:Because we don't seem to have the right time over there, and I'd like to see if you're on your side.
text:What do you think we can do here, weekends?I don't think so.It's Friday Saturday or Sunday, because we have a lot of classes here, and we're about to start next week and next week.	labels:It would be better to have weekends, Saturdays, mornings or afternoons.
text:Can we have a 12:30 to 3 on Saturday?	labels:12:30 to 3 p.m., huh?
text:I'll take a look at this class. It's starting this week. Oh.	labels:Have you tried it? How's the teacher?
text:Hold on a second. Let me ask you something. Okay.I don't think so.Saturday at noon at the teacher's class is.	labels:The week starts on September 5th. Right.
text:This week starts Saturday. This week. If you want to try, come over for the first time.	labels:Just for the first time in class, yes, because you said what was the teacher's name?
text:Right.	labels:Yeah, it's called the Bo Army.
text:Bo is Dr. Bo, then a gentleman by the word of the king.	labels:His villagers are.
text:After three years in our Dap campus, he has been teaching a new concept II course since the beginning of the school, and, if it is more experienced on our side, the new concept II is basically his.	labels:You're a teacher, aren't you?
text:Right, there's a female teacher.	labels:It's 12:30-3. That's the day after tomorrow, isn't it?
text:Tomorrow.	labels:It's Wednesday, Thursday.
text:Today, Thursday, Friday and Saturday, we'll take care of the day after tomorrow.	labels:Okay, well, I'll ask you again, do you charge the same fees as the translator's campus?
text:It's different because they're in the big class, right? Is it in the little class? Oh, that's the same thing.	labels:Just like a few people.
text:We're up to 10 people here.	labels:One of them was slightly more than 1.12 like them.
text:Twelve people are about 100 bucks an hour because of what we're talking about.	labels:$100 in an hour.
text:Includes teaching materials.	labels:$100 an hour, two and a half hours.
text:Right.	labels:And then it's just a couple of classes.
text:It's 96 in total, and the new concept is 96 in total, 96 in the first course. 96 in the last two years or so.	labels:And ye say that ye shall be divided, so We shall go first to the Second Star.
text:Yes.	labels:It's okay, isn't it?
text:Yes, but a half-book might be a little more expensive than a full book, which means that if you two and a half cars together, it would be a little more expensive than a full car.	labels:'Cause the whole car's probably a discount, right? Yeah.
text:The whole car will be cheaper.	labels:It's okay.
text:Well, you'll bring the kids, yeah.	labels:Right this Saturday? 51:30 and then your last name, Miss Ping, will come to you. Okay.
text:I'll take it on Saturday.	labels:On it, right.
text:We'll have a lecture and a book for the kids, and you'll be able to get it home after you sign up, including because you've had 267 cards before, and then online work will be done on Elec, including the back card, and if you don't have the money, we'll fill it for you.	labels:It's all the same.
text:And the same thing happens when you're in class. There's a test every time. Once a month.	labels:All right, keep coming over and talk about you.
text:Do you know the address?	labels:I'm online. Send one if you can. Okay, that's it. Bye.	episode_done:True
text:This.	labels:I'm an idiot. Hello, are you an inclusive parent? Hello, I'm a foreign language teacher. If you're calling, I'd like to ask you, because your child was a mid-level interpreter in our room, and you didn't pass the exam.
text:I just called you. Next thing you know, we can go to class.	labels:If you withdraw, you can withdraw, but a larger number of parents will choose to take the oral exam in two classes, one of which will remain the same, because the oral examination part is not just for the examination, but for the expression of the promotion of the child.
text:But now he's not until next year's final exam because of his first three years.	labels:You can choose to suspend the course because we're going to suspend it, you're going to come back for the oral exam, you're going back to the golden class, if you're not going to. If you're going to read it again later, might it affect you if the price rises are relative?
text:I'll ask the kids too.	labels:Why don't you talk to the kids?
text:I still have to ask him.	labels:Look at him later. He doesn't want to read it. If he wants to read it, I think.
text:Okay, I'm still going to ask him for advice, because he has no time of his own in the first three years.	labels:Anyway, if you're okay here, let's do this. Mm-hmm. Bye-bye.I don't think so.Okay.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:I hope it doesn't include a middle-level accent, it hasn't been an exam in recent days.
text:Just a moment of special effect in three days.	labels:No, I'm just looking at what I'm talking about. I'm just saying don't do it ahead of time. I'm sick. I'm sick.
text:You can do it without rushing.	labels:How this works. At least a cent.
text:Can't.	labels:Not a cent? First-instance deposit is in stock. Inventory is guaranteed.	episode_done:True
text:The number you have dialed is in the middle of the call. Please call later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I'll talk to you later. Hello.	labels:It's the parents of Zhou Yijun's little friend. Hi, I'm the teacher of Ulrich. I'm calling to remind you of the new concept of the children's paper. We'll start tomorrow at 3.30-6 p.m.
text:3.30-6 p.m.	labels:Pudong Food City Wine Building.
text:Is there a name on the 99th floor or is there a manager?	labels:We've only got Wang Ri here. You're probably talking about First Foods.
text:Which one are you?	labels:This building next to our first video city, the original Washington Building.I don't think so.Right.
text:3:30-9:00 3.30-6.	labels:Right.
text:3:30 to 6:30, okay.	labels:All right, by the time you get here, you'll have to see that we're not the first food, we're next to the regular food building, the old morning building, and there's McDonald's. Okay, thank you. Bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Okay, is that gonna count tomorrow? Is that okay? I said, it's not possible.I don't think so.Too long.I don't think so.Hold my baby up here.I don't think so.Low.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hello? Hello, Mr. Wong Li's teacher. You signed up for the new concept first and then 12:30 to 15:00 on Saturday? Then we'll start class this week.
text:Right? We're really sorry. I asked him if he had this on Friday, like our class. Friday.I don't think so.Yeah, because we have a lesson time, until the end of 11.30 a.m., and I can go to work, but the children's meal time is tight, so I'd like to look at it.	labels:We have on Fridays, but on Fridays, Mondays are basically two hours, you can.
text:What do you mean?I don't think so.We're on Saturdays.	labels:Two and a half hours.
text:He's been stretching his class for two hours, hasn't he?	labels:Yeah, it's 55 times in two hours.
text:Let me ask you something, because we were trying to get us a better teacher. Which teacher am I supposed to be on Friday Saturday?	labels:Friday and Saturday, right?
text:Yeah, that's pretty much it, I think.	labels:What kind of teacher do you like?I don't think so.Because the teacher's qualifications are similar, but that means that there may be a slight difference in the class style.
text:All classes are for female teachers.	labels:They're all female teachers.
text:Ask how many people are in a class at noon.	labels:There is a difference between you, because you now have nine people in your Saturday shift, plus nine people in your account number, and then a little less on Friday, and one in your Friday class is 4:15-6:15, and this class is five, and not yours, and the other is 6:30-8:30 is three or three.
text:I'm probably more inclined to think maybe we'd like to talk to Zhang Ming and Mom at night, and I'll call you at 4:15, and one at 6:30, right?I don't think so.Right.	labels:One at 4:15 and one at 6:30 for two hours.
text:It's just two or two classes, right? It's all started this week, right?	labels:Yeah, it all starts a week.
text:May I ask, are the teachers in these two classes the same teacher on Friday?I don't think so.No, that's right. What's the difference between the two teachers?	labels:They may not have the same class style, but you know that we're very demanding, so there's nothing wrong with the teacher's qualifications, but it's personal. I don't know what teachers are, what teachers aren't?
text:Indeed it is hard to say, and I find that you have just said 4:15, and these are the little friends of a man.	labels:Five in this class.
text:At 6:30 in the back, it's 6:15 less, isn't it?	labels:A little less for 6:30, in case you don't think it's too late. Either way, you're okay with it.
text:It's good to help you guys. 6:30-8:30, right? An hour. I know. Look at me because I don't have a number right now, and I'll call you at night.	labels:May I? I'll rest tomorrow if you don't want me to call.
text:Yeah, well, I'm gonna talk the day after tomorrow, so just give me a call, okay?	labels:Okay? Thank you. Bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:I'm sorry, you're calling off-site phone, plus zero.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:Just once, then next year. Yes. Yes, you can. Once a week, you'll be here in December. Is it appropriate for 6:30-9 a.m. Saturday? 9:30-9. It's just us. Hello.	labels:Is this Liu Yu-sung's parents? Hello, I'm a teacher of foreign languages. So, if I call you, I'd like to ask you one of the written scores of a mid-level interpreter this time.
text:174.5.	labels:I'd like to ask you if the kids on your side would like to go to the high scores.I don't think so.A high score for the written test.
text:It's a high grade for a written exam.	labels:Because we don't have a written list published every year, and then what we're going to say on the list, for example, is that some kids who pass like you have a very good 174 score. Would you like to get a child's score?
text:Promulgate the child's name.	labels:Maybe there's a signal in the middle. What kind of town is Liu like?I don't think so.Yeah, that's it. Is that okay with you?
text:It's okay. What's the highest score here?	labels:It is now 205.5.
text:205.5 Okay? 174.5 is a high score.	labels:It's not a high score, and basically we'll have a record here, because otherwise some of the students on your side who don't pass, we'll have a list of kids on our side, and then basically I'll hit the top 205, and then I'll have a 177, and then you'll press 174. Okay?I don't think so.Well, there's one more thing I'd like to ask you here, because I didn't know you had reported an interpreter's class, a test class.
text:We're halfway through. I think I only heard about one intensive class.	labels:There's an enhanced class separate from the oral cash prize, because the enhanced class is once a week, not an oral test after almost three weeks after this test, right?I don't think so.Then, in the case of an enhanced class, it's basically for the next exam for the last four weeks. I'll show you which class the child reported in before, okay? Hold on a second.
text:We're already reading it for everyone.	labels:You've read it a lot. Okay, I won't read it for you, and I'll ask you which one of your previous teachers was.I don't think so.Mr. Lee Ji-hoon? Yes, Mr. Lee's class has a very high pass rate.
text:How many of his classes passed?I don't think so.Right on the base basically.	labels:I took down a few classes, and several students passed through his class.
text:Now machang Yi passed no.	labels:Not on my side.
text:I don't know.	labels:Because one of my students was a little taller than Liu Yu Sung, a 177-year-old child, and he followed Li Ji-hyun in two stages, then the third stage was a one-on-one, and then the child's words were right, so we'll see each other again.	episode_done:True
text:Buh.	labels:Ms. Zhang has several.I don't think so.Hello, Mrs. Cheung? Hello, I'm the student who answered the school in English. My last name is Gu. Hello, I've received a message from you that you'd like to consult your children in the third grade on the new concept, right?I don't think so.It's just, um, what school is he at right now?
text:You're in the third grade of primary school now.	labels:Third grade pair. Which school? Which school?
text:Why ask which school?I don't think so.We'll be in third grade.	labels:Because if they were private, the school would teach a little earlier, and the elementary school of the youngest friend, right? Did you ever study outside the school? Didn't you ever learn English classes? Okay, then I'd advise Mom to watch the day off, bring him over for a test, I'll see how he studied English, and then I'll show him which class is okay.I don't think so.Oh, we're up here on the Dap. This way on the Dap.
text:Toluta Tutu Pass, it's a foreign language for this. If you speak a foreign language, what do you charge for it if he has a new concept?	labels:We'll add another 100 bucks for an hour.
text:100 bucks an hour, one class, two and a half hours. One is 250 dollars. That's right. I can't afford it.	labels:We're here because we have a class of 10 people, a few people, a class of about six or seven kids.
text:Yeah? Yeah, I think you're a little expensive.	labels:Forget it. It's okay.
text:That's not the price I saw the other night.	labels:Do you see a foreign language or a young boy?
text:I don't know, because I saw some new concept training, so I called and I didn't think they were bringing my information to you.	labels:That's right, because we're in foreign languages, we're in English, and that's what the new concept says.
text:Okay, I got it.	labels:Okay, thank you. Good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Okay.	labels:And can, actually.
text:It's usually one.	labels:The farmer's office is a deputy parent, and I told Mr. Kwok of Lin's office not to worry. I know, because I've been waiting a day to see if I can come, so I just wanted to help him figure out what's tired enough.
text:Good when.	labels:So I can help a lot of people manage it. The first time I went to work on my school service? Okay, so you know what's going on out there.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, your call is on the phone, please.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, it's Liu Zhenan's parents. Hello, I'm the teacher who answered the school in English. Hello, you guys signed up for a new concept two class for the kids. Then Sunday afternoon at 3.30 - 6 p.m., then we'll start class this week, and we'll talk to you. Okay, then we'll have a microscopic group, and then I'll give you a little bit of Mom's. Okay, here's my cell phone number. Okay, I'll add you later, okay?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Hee-woo. Hello.	labels:There was nothing going on in the past, and there was a little Tofu, and some of the brothers should cry, so he started crying, and I looked at one brother. Will you listen to him? Or is there an interpreter?
text:You either go to the hearing part of the basic interpretation.	labels:The base has been with us for a few weeks.
text:8th floor in the corridor on Saturday.	labels:It's a couple of minutes a week to walk a few leagues.
text:Move on to the ground as much as you can.	labels:Landowners grow lots of water on the ground. You've forgotten things wrong, haven't you?I don't think so.Right.
text:Two thirty-three thousand clients, 31k library.	labels:I'm right. That's about the cost.
text:Ais, I'm in the specific office.	labels:Just as soon as I got out, Kayo was pretty much the same.
text:It's Kayo, isn't it?I don't think so.I don't think that's a problem.	labels:Because Airborne's good, I think we should follow. Imports should follow.
text:There should be no problem with imports and exports, and it would be difficult to speak middle language.	labels:All right, buddy. Brother Zhang Ho, he's not resting because he's not c40, right.
text:Then come back to Beijing on the day of the opening of the store.	labels:10, 12, huh?
text:Number 22 this day.	labels:It's 9:00 a.m. on the 12th, isn't it?
text:Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Hee-woo. Hello.	labels:I think we'll feel like taking a new concept of English, like saying your last name is Liang, and we'll always have a last name.
text:With you, right? Yes.	labels:Any of them are from the Nandapur campus, directly camped or allied.
text:Straight, we're not in the foreign language department.	labels:Straight camp, I think I just thought we'd have more things for you today.
text:It's been a long time since you've been here. It's a lot more than five stars out of the country.	labels:You've given you 50 enough.
text:Four is enough, isn't it?I don't think so.That's what's left of it.I don't think so.It would be more reassuring to note that there was a child whose parents had a child with two hearts in the cooler, who might have only read about it in the financial class.	labels:One below no, I'm trying to get him to start with the volume.
text:That's right, so if you're going to make it a test, you're going to have to do so much in the vault. If you're just a few more boxes, we're going to suggest that we start with more than one hundred classes.	labels:Anyway, I think we could've just gotten this open.
text:You'll look good in that. I've been working since Wednesday, and I've had two classes today.	labels:I think we could just because we didn't need more last Saturday morning, and I think we could leave it on Saturday, and I don't get it.
text:On Saturday, 500 days, there is no less than 3 out of 8 years I can call in 2015, and I've done it on this side, and there's pain down there.	labels:Especially close, if that's what they're talking about.
text:The compartments are low, and it doesn't matter because he's the only one who speaks a book.	labels:Ah, tell me a song about a picture that goes into the library.
text:I'm sure I'll help with the speech. I've just made up for Donku's love. I can help you in the other classes. I've got 95,208,25,5567 in the other classes for two minutes. I want my parents to listen. I want my parents to listen. We don't read it like this at school. We just cry.	labels:That's what I'd like to ask Ryu Woo's cell phone, for example, is one, a grid, try to tell you how much you're about, because there's more, you think basically.
text:All right, you're Kim.	labels:Right.
text:Because it's not too small a child, it's just one or two children, and China will have one or two more in the Chinese system in the years to come.	labels:Because we're right.
text:Our main textbook is called "thermo-pump" roles, which is like we've just had a lot of teaching aids, and we made this up ourselves.	labels:You're a class teacher, aren't you?I don't think so.Right.
text:We have a class director in each class and a teacher in Wu Kwok is suffering in his own right, so the class itself includes communication with parents for a long time, the small well mine.	labels:You're basically connected to each other for more than five hours, or you're right about that.
text:The farmers are five bucks, and I think I'm getting bigger because there's a son who needs your account number from the market bank, and he's gone because he wants to get air-conditioned on the outside.	labels:If I'm going to come and test this, I'm probably not nervous because I'm in class on Saturday.
text:570 available pesticide people for Nanjing, he.	labels:It's just that I think it's because of the weekly exam, and I think I want to do it once a week in 2016, because when the 205 is over, I'm the tool, and I say I'll take it.
text:Which one of you said you were in junior high?I don't think so.That should be okay.I don't think so.If there's a guy who can get five to the safety zone, it's Gao Keung. I told you not to ask me. I told you to call the cat under my hand and listen to me. If a man cries and cries, I'll cut it out. If you come back with me last week, then I'll just walk you to the next cry.	labels:All right, all right.
text:What's your name?	labels:The two of them knew it, and it was wonderful because I just wanted to cry like that.
text:Get me a ring and I'll help you out.	labels:This is where the Alard Funan Building keeps it, isn't it?
text:It's not that school. It's 788. We're 780.	labels:I'd like to ask which one of the pawnshops I'd like to see have the yellow pebbles on the roof, the yellow pebbles, the south pebbles, and there's a south pebbles here.
text:Nung Qinzi Angry. Young children.	labels:Henri isn't.
text:We're foreign languages, and that's when we read English at the latest.I don't think so.I think it's probably under the fifth grade in 15 years of junior high school, and he's basically not taught much after New Olympics, and they're a lot of things to do with language mathematics.I don't think so.And I'm in Shanghai with you guys.	labels:Here's two series. Yeah, it's Peyo, it's foster care.
text:Yes, one of our other words is for the best, for the best of our country's children, for the food and for the first time, for example, for the Alagde face, and for the mother and for the seizure, so I think it's too late for me to say, if he says so, we're under the rubric of Emidd, but Aung Li is an umbrella group with a lot of departments, like the foreign language department, the first one, which is the foreign language department, and it's derived from the fact that the headmaster has the training of a middle- and middle-level student in Iraq.	labels:Same as them.
text:The training of secondary school students is the same as that of young children, who expect to wait for you in the English language of the East since the beginning of secondary school for legal care.I don't think so.Yes, if I had so many new concepts in English, I would certainly need them, because we actually know many school teachers, and that's a good point.	labels:Because I've always felt better when I'm close, so I've got a cell phone.
text:They're all 24-year-olds.	labels:Do you have homework on the line?
text:There's some online work, and we'll have an online Eloch work in the second, because we don't charge anything for our work, and all of Kyushu Bank's East Guangdong Lake, if that's true.	labels:I don't know what you're talking about, so feels.
text:Apart from the fact that one of the two substances that I just believed were two years old, I've just been here for two years, and the light is 24,000 years for you and you.	labels:They've signed up for March. Someone's closing me up. What's wrong with that?
text:We're learning cards now, and I can't cry when my mom comes.	labels:Okay, so if you can help me with this, just call me on the 8th floor, okay? I'll call you on the 8th floor.
text:I'm at 3 o'clock on 8th, right?I don't think so.I can't be sure when I'm here. Okay? Okay.	labels:18917110118.
text:011818917110118.	labels:Yeah, I think I'll try to top it.
text:I'm in the top bank, and some farmers take one and give you two balances first, right?	labels:It was my mother who brought your mother, and I said I'd come back and sign up somewhere, and I'm not right about teaching.
text:We don't charge for teaching materials, materials and online work, because Alama's work is equivalent to just about $500 a half-year, and we don't charge for it, and the small Jiangsu group includes medium-strengths.	labels:Who should I say it to just now, because I hear something that's right.
text:Because, as we feel on our side in the Arab world, including the comprehensive distinction between the center and the money you've been waiting for,	labels:How can you help a couple?I don't think so.Feels right.
text:When you come up, I'll make a copy of the library, because I'm sure it's on the ground, so I'm going to touch it. You said you didn't need 200 million. Mom thinks I'm okay. Can you tell your mother what she's giving you?	labels:Because I've been listening to it all along, I'll ask you what's going on. Let's talk, let's hear it.
text:Okay, because I want to.	labels:He'll be disturbed by hard work, probably 100%.
text:You're good, you're good, you're good, you're good, you're good, you're good, you're good, you're good, you're good, you're good, you're good, you're good, you're good, you're good, you're good, you're good, you're good, you're good, you're good, you're good, you're good, you're good, you're good, you're good, you're good, you're good, you're good, you're good, you're good, you're good.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Yeah, it's gonna be hot. It's so cold. Hello, Mom?	labels:Isn't it number 25?
text:10, 16.	labels:I've been on the phone one more time, and I've been on the phone until the 25th.
text:There's no need to delay it now, probably because I'm being informed that I can call the class.	labels:Can you send me a new classroom?
text:The address is right? Pudong Food Commodities, Pudong Food City. The 99th floor is right. In the classroom, we would have written it on the blackboard, but it's not ready yet, so just pay attention to the little blackboard.	labels:What's Food City?
text:601 Sun Road.	labels:I know well thank you.
text:We'll add your micro-mail number later. Yes.	labels:But I don't think I'm tied.
text:It's not tied, because tomorrow we'll put a little bit of credit on the class's headmaster, and if we can't, I'll call you back.	labels:You're just gonna remember my little signal.
text:Okay, I'll write it down for a second. Okay.	labels:Just irenarena, right?
text:Hp hhh good.	labels:Hesh.
text:Right, hesh? Right. Right. Right.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Wang Wai is there? Like King Wang Wai, you've just gone with him. They always leave out the number of you in the daily daily sales, and then you tell them to fill in numbers 28 and 29.
text:Would you send me, please, please, if Ms. Wang could send me the data from the three tables that were before them, because there's a bottom line in it, and I see that it's always the last one.	labels:I can give you the first two, but I don't keep the daily sales paper he sends me every day.
text:I'd like to ask, for example, if it's a personal daily, it's a July version, and if you've sent me one, it's fine, because I didn't have them alone in August.	labels:Because I don't have a share, and I can send you both, okay? But I don't want the sales daily because they're mine every day, because they're useless and they don't seem to me.
text:Okay.	labels:In fact, their numbers are the same as the ones they fill out in person.
text:Okay, 27, 28, two days, right? 28, 29, right? Okay.	labels:I still send you.
text:Sixty-five in the mailbox.	labels:I'll check my mailbox later.
text:Qq Mailbox, right? Yeah, I got it. Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lin Wei-woo, hello.	labels:I'm from Qing Dynasty. Hello. I'd like to know if you're listening to the import class for the second time on Friday.
text:How many times do you see this week?	labels:Second hearing?
text:The second hearing, I'll look at the import on Friday night. The second time doesn't seem to be.	labels:What time do you think you'll be able to make up for the second time?
text:We don't seem to have it at noon, but I'll take a look at what you're going to do at 6:30 p.m., but it's only in December.	labels:It's only in December. Is there a second hearing in the nearest class?
text:That's Sunday.	labels:What time on Sunday?
text:It's 3:30-6.	labels:This week? That's right. It's the second time. 3:30-6:00. It's the second time, right?
text:Okay. Let me check again, because there are classes that can be done recently. Okay.	labels:Would you look at you for me, please?
text:Friday night is the second time to listen. Yeah. Friday night is 6:30, as if it was his first time on October 16th, then October 23rd, October 23rd. It's October 23rd.	labels:That Sunday's words can be made up for this week.
text:Sunday is supposed to be a week off.	labels:Let me take a look at the good day of October 23.I don't think so.Because one of the parents wants to go over there and make sure they get in touch with you if he wants to.
text:If you want to come over, call us back in advance and check it out.	labels:It's okay, I'm just looking at the form.
text:If he's sure he's coming, I'll probably ask the headmaster again, but it's okay now that the headmasters are all off duty.I don't think so.Why don't you do this first? Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. The user you dialed is off, please later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hi, I'm Huang Kai's mother. I'm the teacher's teacher at the University of the English language. You baked ducks like this. We're off this side once this Saturday's new concept two. Didn't Mom know that?I don't think so.Because that's why, because we didn't end the summer school two months ago, we didn't end the summer school, we didn't have a day off, and he took a day off on Saturday, and then we went back, and then we went back to Sunday. Okay, thanks, good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. The number you're calling is out of town.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Lin Wei Woo, yes, I'm the mother of Shin Woo, who studied here, and I'd like to ask him if he's the middle-level interpreter's hearing section is over by last Saturday, right?
text:Let me take a look at Shao Shinwoo. Hold on a second. He's finished his class. He's done all three parts.	labels:That's what I told the teacher last time, because we didn't have a few classes that weren't right, so if we're going to make it up, I'd say we're in a new reading section. Can I just let him read a few lessons?
text:Yes.	labels:There's a couple of lessons not coming, and you can see it here.
text:I can see you'll be fine later.	labels:I'll just let him read five more sessions of the head five times, that's all.
text:It's okay. Don't you guys sign up behind you?I don't think so.We have a middle-class grammar class that I told you before the reading and writing class.	labels:What's the nature of the final exam?
text:Are you in the third grade or the third grade?	labels:We're sophomores now.
text:Sophomore, right? I'd like to think about it.	labels:What lessons do you have here?
text:Hold on a second.	labels:It's the new sophomore.
text:You want to read Tofu.	labels:We don't think about our new seniors for the time being.
text:It's the new sophomore, isn't it? Did you read the new concept three?	labels:In the words of the new concept III, it is time for us to read the new concept III, which has just been published at the beginning.
text:It's in the book, right?I don't think so.I've read all the books.	labels:It's not all finished. It's about 20 places.
text:We've been to more than 20 classes, and I'd like to think that if you say so, then we'll have a high school grammar reading and writing class on our side.	labels:I'd like to report it to him.
text:Yes.	labels:So when do you have a grammar class in high school?
text:High school grammar classes are supposed to be held in December.	labels:It opened again in December.
text:Yeah, I mean, Mom, you don't have five classes right now. If you don't go now, you'll lose your grammar class at high school.	labels:That's what you're saying, so you're probably saying high school grammar classes aren't open.
text:If you don't open it, you'll have to take five classes or you'll have to go first.	labels:I'll go and start high school grammar classes, and you'll let me know if you can.I don't think so.Then I'll give him another five weeks of reading lessons.
text:Okay, thank you. Okay, okay, bye-bye. I'll be here tonight.	labels:If you're here tonight, I'll let him go to five more classes, and you'll call me when you see the grammar.
text:Okay, I got it. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Buh.I don't think so.Hello, parents. I'm here to answer to the schoolroom in Angli. I've got a message. You've made an appointment for a basic oral test at the public comment, right?	labels:What time are you guys up to?
text:We've got people at 9:00 in the morning.	labels:We're at 9:00 in the morning.
text:Nine o'clock, right? Okay.	labels:Then there's another class here, isn't there?
text:If we're on Saturday, are you free on Saturday? If you're free on Saturday, you can have it all on Saturday.	labels:Help me line one up first.
text:Saturday, right? Saturday on the 5th.	labels:No. No.
text:Okay, so what do you call a canal here? I know, and what's the address you have, right?	labels:Where's this for?
text:I'm not sending an address to your phone. Okay, good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lee Man Woo. Hello.	labels:Isn't that right? That's right. You've had an event in the public opinion for a while, and you can ask me about a lecture, which means I've heard that you're on the line, and you're on the line, and you're on the side.I don't think so.I got it from the prize, and I asked if there was any chance that you could have an experiential course on the other side of the line.
text:There's no online experience. What grade are your kids in?	labels:5th grade of primary school.I don't think so.You don't have a new concept or an online class like that.
text:I don't have a new concept on the line. It's all under the line.	labels:And what do you have on the line? Because I see that there's an online course in your group's $9.9.
text:It's English for kids on the line.	labels:You're still very young, aren't you? Yeah.
text:It's a year-old kid with a year-and-year-old.	labels:So all he's got is an online class, right?I don't think so.Ask if there's any new ideas on Sunday, if there's an English class? Yes.
text:Did you guys go to a new concept one?	labels:I've read new concept one before, and now I'm thinking new concept two, and then we're going to about 90 or so.
text:Buh on the new concept two when it comes to wine.	labels:The new concept 1122 has yet to be adopted, as is there a grammar course after the new concept?I don't think so.So what you're saying here is that I don't know if it's a good syntax for you to come to the experience class, and then there's no relevant lesson about, for example, some kind of new concept one.
text:Isn't that right?I don't think so.Let me take a look at the time. You need more than 90 now. Which time do you need?	labels:I'm on Sundays because he's going to class on Saturdays.
text:Can you do it this morning?	labels:9:30. 9-11 a.m. Sundays. I know a few new concepts of English.
text:It's about a few grams behind. It's about 101 now.	labels:About 101, right? Yeah, 9-11.30 for two and a half hours, right?
text:In the living room, it's an hour and a half.	labels:It's an hour and an hour, which means it's divided into two sections, right?
text:Yeah, there's a break in the middle, you can just listen to a lesson. That's two and a half hours. The teacher will rest. You'll be finished by the time you get a break.	labels:Well, if you come to the back, will the previous session begin with a lecture, or will you review the first lesson?
text:There'll be a little review of the writing in the front, because I have to take every lesson.	labels:I mean, every class if I have a review of the first class, right?
text:Right.	labels:So does the new story usually come in front or in the back?
text:It's usually something like this that's been taken away in about 10 minutes.	labels:Let's start with a new lesson, shall we?
text:Yes, because you're straight.	labels:It's good to be here, isn't it?
text:It would be nice if you just came by this week, and if you said you needed the right time, you could follow this class.	labels:You know who the teacher is, don't you?
text:Let me see Mr. Wang Jing Jing Jing.	labels:Wang Jing Jing Jing? I'll go see some comments online. Yes, thank you.
text:Are you here this week?	labels:I think so. If it doesn't change, it'll be 9 a.m. this week, okay?
text:And the other one is we're not at the South Springs North Road, we're at the 800, you know? We're at the campus.	labels:You're on top of Food City, aren't you?
text:Now it's in the Food City Wine Building.	labels:In the Food City Wine Building, I know the Food City Wine Building.
text:You've been here before, haven't you?	labels:Because I'm here to listen to my classmate, and his kid was on your other campus, and he said you're on your side with a special syntax that's clearer.
text:It'll be clearer to the teacher, yes.I don't think so.So I'll send you a text message, and we'll have a detailed address at this time, as well as some simple recording.	labels:I'll call you 138.
text:What's your name?	labels:My last name is Liu.
text:Okay.	labels:Mom, what's wrong with you? What's this?
text:It's a good book, and it'll gather up kids from all over the district, and it'll have, for example, some new concept classes, and it'll have some long subject types in it, so the kids can look at them. If you want, just bring them to you.	labels:Okay, thanks for texting me. Thank you. Okay, bye, bye.
text:Just down there.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Miss Wu is here. Mr. Wu is resting today. That's fine.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:It's Yin Woo-yan's mom, isn't it? Hello.I don't think so.I'm Mr. Lee of Ally's side.
text:Hello.	labels:I'd like to confirm something, because you've been here a few times, and now we've got five more classes to finish, so what happens next?
text:I'm thinking about trying to fill that thing with something.	labels:Cell phones manually monitor reading and writing, right?
text:Yeah, but what about that class that seems to have a lot to do with conflict? I don't have it.	labels:Only one lesson.
text:Not the last lesson now.	labels:He's starting a new class on Sunday. He's only taking one class. What are you now?
text:But you did the last lesson, and I wanted to finish it, because I thought because the letter itself wasn't about him dying, and then I brought it along, because my schedule was tight and I added a language class, so I couldn't do it.	labels:What do you want me to do now?
text:If that's the end of the story, then what's the rest of the class?	labels:If you're done, you don't get it. It's not always the case that you can't get it all. There's two more classes, three or four more, or that's when you go to another class before you go to another class, because if you want to go to three different classes or grammar classes, you're definitely going to have to go to one of the first classes, you're going to have to go to one of those classes, or you're going to go to grammar or three more classes, you're going to test a few classes on Tuesday and you're going to take a look at it.
text:So I'm just gonna have to wait till the end of the year, maybe in March/April. March/April? Yeah. What am I supposed to do until March/April?	labels:If you want to come over here, I'll help you figure out the cost of those classes. You don't have a few classes. Are you going to make it up to you or not? Because of this, we have school festivals this week, we'll have a little more preferential activities.
text:I've been lined up a lot, and I don't have time.	labels:You come here today, you come here on Saturday, I'll count you a few classes, and then I'll see if you can't do it because of the end of October, and if you can't do it, those classes will be taken.I don't think so.And then you talk to his father about what you're gonna do, like, three points, or a new one, because you only have a few classes?I don't think so.Because he said it was the last preferential event, and later the preferential event was halved, because your annual report was 500? Yeah, now we're all 300.I don't think so.Yeah, let's talk to his dad about it. I'll count it for you on Saturday, okay?
text:Yeah, well, even if I'm thinking I'm gonna take a class that I can take after I'm done with my heart, and if I don't, I'm gonna stop for a while.	labels:I mean, you have a couple of classes I'm going to pay for. You know what I mean? His dad said he couldn't make it up.I don't think so.If you're not, you're going to have to pay for it. Are you sure you want to study?
text:It's just filling in at night.	labels:Do you still read your grammar?
text:I don't read my grammar for the time being.	labels:I mean, you can't read your grammar, not that you can't read it later.
text:It is also possible not to read it in the future, but also at the beginning of the second year and not now.	labels:And then you want to read the word out, right? Yes, you can. You can talk to you when you get here on Saturday, okay?I don't think so.Okay, good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Miss Wong? Hello. Wrong number. Excuse me.I don't think so.No, our kids are big. Thank you. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lin Wai Woo.	labels:Mr. Jian, what time's your new shift on Saturday?
text:Let me take a look at Saturday at 12:30 to 15:00.	labels:See this, huh? Right. At noon.I don't think so.He's the kind for two and a half hours? Yeah. 12:30 to 15:00. Just one time, yeah, there.
text:That's right.	labels:Can you make it up? Yes.
text:6 ~ 8:30.	labels:It's nighttime, isn't it?
text:There's one last meal for the evening, and there's one of your classes.	labels:Our class starts next week. Hold on a second.
text:There is another 3:30 to 18:00, which means that if you want to make it up on Saturday, you have three hours to make up for it.	labels:One of these three classes is next Friday.
text:For all next week, for only three hours, there is one question: 3:3006 and 6:30-8:30. Their 150-hour class, unlike your class, may be slower.	labels:They're going fast.
text:They will slow down, because they are 150 hours, and you are 110 hours, and perhaps you will be given three to four classes at a time, and they will be given two to three lessons at a time, and they will be slow.	labels:I think we're gonna slow down because we're two hours at a time, they're two and a half hours at a time.
text:I've forgotten about you for two hours. Yeah, you're like two hours.	labels:It's almost as close as it could be, if they're talking about the fourth class.
text:It may be that you've been in one or two classes, or that you haven't, and that's a problem, but if you have time, you can make it up to you. Okay.	labels:I'll think about it. Thank you very much.	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm.	labels:Hello, you're Lee Benin's mother? I'm here with Mr. Ally. Hello.
text:We're moving in now, aren't we?	labels:I'd like to ask, because that class is supposed to be finished by the end of October. If I ask, what's your plan for reading the follow-up?	labels:I'd like to take a break. I don't want to continue reading for the time being.
text:Is that it?I don't think so.Because, in that case, we've had a school celebration recently, and then this week's 17, 18 lectures, so I don't know if you need to listen to what you're saying.	labels:Because he's busy right now, and I think I'll let him digest first and then we'll talk about it anyway.
text:Why don't you listen to me if I'm thinking about it?	labels:No. Okay.	labels:If you need anything on your side, you can call us back, okay? Good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lee Wei Woo. Hello.	labels:Ask Mr. Yue right away. I'll be right back. Hello, Mr. Yue.
text:Hello, Liu Chi Ki-ki's mom.	labels:If Liu Ziqi wants to be out of school or out of school, would you mind taking some time to count with him his division?
text:Okay.	labels:I may have forgotten again. I may have forgotten again.
text:All right, let's make it up to him, shall we?I don't think so.Look at the time.	labels:Let's count the lessons that took him, and then you'll see what time the other class will have, and then you'll let us know.I don't think so.Good teacher, please. It's okay. He forgot his cell phone.
text:Okay, it'll be trouble. Thank you very much. Bye-bye.	labels:Good-bye.	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:Hello. It's Xie Ting's dad, right? I'm here to talk to you about some English-language tutoring outside the class, including high school exams or something.	labels:Not waiting for how he's going home. We're going home, kid.
text:Ready to go home? Okay, excuse me.	labels:Good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Mrs. Guo Jia Sung? Hi, I'm a teacher at the University of Ali's Foreign Language. I'd like to ask you if our first interpreter will be ready for class on September 12th.
text:He can't go too hard, he can't go at the current level, and I think I'll find him a fix right now, see if I can do it six months later or next year, because it's hard.	labels:You can actually get the kids to start with a new concept.
text:Today he doesn't follow him.	labels:I don't want to learn new concepts.
text:He's tired of his previous studies, he doesn't like his studies, and he doesn't like his third-fourth-fourth-fifth-grade school, so I'll find him a one-on-one outside first, and then I'll see you next year as an interpreter.	labels:Tomorrow we have a class friend, basically the same as the beginning of the first class, this new concept of class II.I don't think so.On the one hand, it's more expensive, and on the other hand, I think it's more appropriate for a junior or third grade, and I'm going to have to go to a high or a final examination for a one-to-one VIP course, and on the other hand, we're going to add some grammar or lay something on the other hand, and we're going to the big class, and even if it's a big class, it's not going to be 10 people in the mini-class, it's going to be good overall.
text:He and his eldest daughter-in-law sometimes feel less precise, as they learn less precisely what they have to do on their own in the future.	labels:Like our side, we actually have a new concept that we're going to have tomorrow, and it's not going to be many, probably 44-5 little friends, and then it's actually a small one, and the teacher's side is actually more targeted, knowing where every little friend's weakness is, including when he goes to class, and there are more opportunities for exercise, not only in oral or grammar exercises.I don't think so.In fact, it must be much better than looking for a pair of VIPs outside.
text:Because he's also the first class.	labels:In class, the children's age is mostly foreseen. And they are like this, and they were last taught half a lesson.
text:The last half was the last half hour and a half.	labels:Not for two and a half hours, but once for one and a half and a full lecture, then for the second lecture, which may be a word section, the next one will be a lecture section and then a full text.
text:It's a lesson and a half.	labels:The kids are older for this class.
text:Well, I'll think about asking them if he wants it first and if he doesn't want it, it doesn't work.	labels:Yeah, because tomorrow is the first time because it's a good opportunity, but I think if the kid's interested in telling Mom that she wants to read it, I think we can try it. Yeah, time is 3:30. Anyway, you'll be there.
text:Look, all right, I'll be there if I want to. Don't be there.	labels:All right, all right. Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Mom and Dad, I went crazy again. What's up with the phone?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, it's Jo Jia-Yun, I haven't answered yet. Hello, is it Chia-Jian's mom? Hello, I'm here to speak English. Hello, inform you of the manners, so let's know that we're starting to cry this week.	labels:Okay, you said you couldn't remember.
text:Did I lose my ear anyway?	labels:Well, it was a Monday or two, and I started writing up a bumper on my head, and I started to sign up because I couldn't talk about drips like it was tight, so grades like one of these.
text:It's not like you're crying on a gift bag.	labels:You sure you don't want the schedule?I don't think so.Because I'm waiting for this page, because I can't add up just after the last notice, so I'm going to go to logistics and cell phones, for example, when there's a 20 in the design department, and I'm just about a point, and that's why I'm full of bullies, because I just called Song and it's not over, and you and I just knew you because you were driving like this place, and I've been driving like last week.
text:Okay, I can see that.I don't think so.Brother Lung, come back in a week. It's 40.	labels:I took it all the time, because I got the whole thing, and I left it open, and then I waited for it. Today I went to Xiaojiang to take off Shang with me for 40 years.
text:Okay.	labels:Dude, thank you for your good information.
text:You can't do that. You can get in and get out of the car, right?	labels:Handouts.
text:Can't you just call it up and down, and then I haven't talked about moving, so just grab it.	labels:Okay.
text:Use this light to send a share.	labels:I've come a few times and I think I'm here too.
text:I've just had a good time, and I've come to my troubles, and I'll add you to the micro-mail, and then I'll give you your homework on the line, and I'll give you that on the day when it's all right.	labels:Okay.
text:Thank you. Hold on a second. You borrowed my cell phone for me. Yes.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Dad. Dad, first of all. Hi, Mom and Dad. Hi, I'm your friend.I don't think so.And I couldn't set myself up in Beijing, and I helped to talk about it, so I couldn't wash my head in the past because there was pain in carrying out the nausea.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Do you want Seo-cheon? This is 800 blocks. I was in the middle school grammar class, class number 153704. When is this class?I don't think so.What's the start of the shift?	labels:He started his shift on September 6th, so I'll take a look and I'll go back 77th.
text:Is it the seventh time on September 6th?I don't think so.Right.I don't think so.How so fast? Twice a week? No.	labels:If you say you're in, you come back on Sunday seven times.
text:Seven classes, okay. This class is 9 a.m. Sunday morning? Yeah. Yeah.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I'll be there 16 years ago, but if I'm sure I'll be there, I'll be there until tomorrow or today at five-six-six.	labels:Is it Mr. Wang? I think another teacher would like to ask if you still need an English course that you've consulted with your children. No need. Good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:That means I called Mr. Wang to help you with a mobile call from Shanghai.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:The number you have dialed is on the phone. Please call later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:You said something was given by someone else. The teacher was a great teacher, so we said he was a great teacher. First you hit the end of the weekend, the sun of the weekend.	labels:There's another weekend.
text:Yang doesn't know.	labels:Simple love.
text:I gave you a chance, didn't get a call, didn't get a call, didn't get a call, didn't get a call, didn't get a call, didn't think I had a call, didn't have three of my own, didn't get a call, didn't get a call yesterday morning.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm.	labels:Hello, Miss Seo. I'm like another teacher. Did you have a basic interpreter for your kids? I don't need it now.	episode_done:True
text:I'm just saying not to ask for three parts of the mouth alone, but to fuck me alone. If you don't want to talk to him, is it Hu Xinyu's parents? Hello, I'm with him, Ms. Lin. I just wanted to eat.	labels:Yeah, yeah, probably not.I don't think so.So it's like holding one is good.
text:Just got a few points out of a book 10 points.	labels:I don't know exactly, just a couple of people, and the whole guy's looking for a man for 10 points, and he's in my office.
text:It's not 200,250 points per person, but it's going to pass, and Japan's 10 points, and it's gonna have to run.	labels:I guess it's as strong as my house. That's good to see.
text:It's the same as Shandong.	labels:Nine-Nords-Four Lights.
text:Four persons should be referred to as the physical energy structure.	labels:The broker came after us, and that's the way he's going next door, of course, and he's going to do a couple of tests.
text:He's gonna pull 10 pounds.	labels:Right. Because of the feeling.
text:It's cold too, isn't it? It's cold too. Wait a minute. My QQ system is basically full, because Allah and Zhou Wei Fang are seen and passed several rounds.	labels:Well, get everybody out a little.
text:Well, I'm counting with Hu Jinwoo, right? I was in the middle of something, right?	labels:Yeah, well, I think he's the one who's got the teacher's money, and I'm telling you this is the kind of light notice that can be used to prove that I'm helping you.
text:It's because it's hard to sign up.I don't think so.You wrote the government is already archaeology, right? Now the written test has passed.	labels:A written test.
text:That's right, then press my bottom button for 12, because there's four Tuesdays for the north side of the lake.	labels:Yeah? I'm supposed to be thinking about South because we're doing it all on purpose.
text:Sweet dreams.	labels:You have one chance to come with him because that's not the way it is, in the name of the newspaper.
text:You're nervous, aren't you?I don't think so.That's right. Why don't you and Dad do the same?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Garbo? I'm Miss O'Lebin. Hello, we'll be right over. Okay, I'll tell you what. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:In order to make it easier for the public, you can now be served by adding the microficent public Shande on-line, or by completing your self-service customizations and updates in response to voice alerts.
text:Like this.	labels:The brackets contain letters, press the well button, and you are served by a customer service officer.	labels:Terminal good.
text:6399063.	labels:Please press 1 for confirmation and press 2 for amendment.
text:Hello, Guo Ho.	labels:May I help you?
text:Hello, I'm ordering the POS to use.	labels:Do you have an account number? Please report for registration.
text:63991063.	labels:63991063.
text:Right.	labels:Trinity, please hold.I don't think so.Is this the 605 North Road 780? Yes, what's the lady's name?
text:I'm Hu.	labels:Miss, you're 6343691? Yes, please leave your phone number.
text:1311316625662534423442.	labels:What time is the opening hour?
text:We're here from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m.	labels:From 9 a.m. to 6 p.m., please ask if your printing paper is a single square with two holes on both sides.
text:What do you call that three-legged thing?	labels:It's a piece of paper with a rectangle, right? Right. Three?
text:It's three years.	labels:How many books would you like to order?
text:Can I have a box of one?	labels:The box is 50 copies, yes.
text:Are we good enough for a box? Just like a box.I don't think so.Okay.	labels:One box. Please leave your full name here.
text:Xinglinghu.	labels:Ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice, ice.
text:A piece of ice, a piece of lin, two points of ling.	labels:Lin Yun's forest? Which bank is the settlement bank? Your firm's settlement bank is?
text:The union's right for um.	labels:All right, Miss Hu is tied up, and so on.
text:When can we get there as soon as possible? Because we're almost out of here.	labels:We'll arrange it for you as soon as we're cleared. I'll follow you up, okay?
text:About a few days.	labels:I can't confirm the timing, because we're also supposed to deliver it to you. If you're in a hurry, I'll follow it up and let him arrange it for you on a priority basis, okay?
text:Okay, as soon as possible, because we don't have it, we're almost done.	labels:In order to save your time, you can also pay attention to three customer service numbers next time.
text:Thank you for calling. Please evaluate this service.	labels:Please press 1 for satisfaction.
text:Thanks for the evaluation, bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:You say you're too far away from the boss's house, and it's true, we're me. How do you do?	labels:Is it Ye's parents? Yes. I'm the teacher of Ulrich, and I see you went to class, and then you quit? Yes. Is there a lesson you need here? Because this week we'll have a lecture on domestic baccalaureate, and maybe we don't have to thank you. Okay, I'm sorry to bother you, so good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Yes. What do they have? I know you're good. It's Mrs. Wu.	labels:You haven't checked yet, have you?
text:We're 22 minutes behind.	labels:We're 145.5.
text:It's kind of a shame, because it's 150 cents through. Uh-huh, you haven't seen which part, is it a little bit bit bit?	labels:We're hearing like 10 more.
text:Listening? Maybe a little less hearing, because basically hearing is more than 65 points, and you're probably hearing.I don't think so.Yeah, well, there's no problem getting around 60, is there? I think there's other classes behind you.	labels:Because for the time being, we'd like to stop before we pass the exam, because there is some conflict in time.
text:Okay, okay.	labels:That means we're in September, so he's twice a year, right?
text:Twice a year.	labels:One more time is May.
text:You're going to take another test until next year.I don't think so.Next spring should be in March.	labels:Yeah, we'll see about that in March.
text:You'll have time to do it again in the spring. Then you'll be finished with the written exam, won't you?	labels:No, we didn't finish the translation, we didn't.
text:Are you going to continue reading?	labels:Because we've had some conflict in recent times, I just thought.
text:That's what I'm going to do.	labels:Because I had a little conflict at that time, and I'd say I'll read it after the final exam.
text:Translator, huh?	labels:Yeah, let him continue when the call's over.
text:Yes. Yes, you can. You can talk to the class about the translator for a while.	labels:Well, I've got him suspended.
text:It's done, isn't it? If it's done, you can come and read it when he's finished.	labels:Well, I'd like to ask, what's the pass rate for the exam?
text:The average pass rate in a society like the market is generally lower, i.e. around 30 per cent, but it is generally 75 per cent in the case of Angry.	labels:Yeah, it's good.
text:A little less for you, probably hearing was supposed to help you score, and you probably didn't catch it, because hearing was relatively simple, in a few doors.	labels:Listen, I don't understand him, because he usually sounds good.
text:By the way, there were parents who said yesterday it was good to hit a child, but this time it was usually 60, and he said it was good, because he sometimes had a bit of an accident, and he might still think it was easy for me, and sometimes it was not clear what the subject was.	labels:Yeah, because we weren't there before, which means you've got a model for the test.
text:You're going to take the exam, aren't you?	labels:We don't have time to do this, and we're a little smart, yeah.
text:You were about five points different from the regular exam that should have been in our class, so there's basically a general direction that makes it possible for you to be more targeted before the exam, and there's one of you who hasn't read it yet, right?I don't think so.That's one thing too.	labels:Because it's about 28 cents, isn't it?
text:Two and two, together 11 and one.	labels:No door seems to be about 26, or 26 or 28 in one.
text:It's okay. The main thing is he's losing a bit of his hearing.	labels:I think it's supposed to be hearing.
text:He may sometimes hear the title, but he doesn't understand it when it's said. If you read it later, you can come back. Okay.	labels:We said 75% of the industry. Uh-oh.
text:In the words of the written test, the oral test is lower and not so high.	labels:But even lower, yes, that's what I'm going to do. I'm going to suspend it for now, but I'm going to do it again in March.I don't think so.I understand.
text:Then you can sign up for the test on your website.	labels:What time does it take to register on the website?
text:That's what the website says next spring at the end of November to December, I think. Yeah, about six months ahead.	labels:You said you can't do it if you don't want to, even if you don't want to, right?
text:Or maybe. Or because you're a little less than a trial, if you're a little safer, because we'll have a four-day intensive shift when we're on winter break, and the written test is for the written test.I don't think so.Yeah, you can think about it.	labels:What's he got in four days?
text:Four days, 12:30 to 15:00 a day.	labels:Mm-hmm right.
text:You can also think about it.	labels:Well, that's the charge rate.
text:The written test was strengthened by 2,000.	labels:4 days 2 days right.
text:Ten hours, and, in the case of an interview, after that, he must have reported to you, but also to the class of test masters.I don't think so.Yeah, that's the back you have to pass on.	labels:We'll talk about it when he's done.
text:Yeah. Well, the hard work you're thinking about right now can be considered, and then you go up to spring and do the test. Yeah, it's pretty good. Maybe the next time you're going to pass it, it might be better.	labels:Yeah, maybe he doesn't know much about this form.
text:Yeah, a little bit of the first exam. Yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:You signed up for me in August of the previous period as a new concept, 1013, number 154423 on Friday night, 6:30-8:30. Then the house plus I'd like to change the time.
text:I'm busy on Friday night. Wait a minute, will you?	labels:Yes, the grassheads of the yellow mountains, the family home.
text:When?	labels:Are there any more Saturday shifts? 12 o'clock Saturday? 12:30. 12:30.
text:I don't think it's class yet. Yes, he's classed on the 12th, no problem.	labels:Nothing.
text:If you're wrong, you'll have to change it for you.	labels:Help me get him back. Did he push back this time, or did he start not back at 12:30?
text:It's 12:30 to 15:00.	labels:And then he was three and a half hours old because of the one-off.
text:It's two and a half hours.	labels:Two and a half hours is not 55 weeks.
text:It was 44 weeks ago, wasn't it? That's right.	labels:Because the last Friday class he said was 55 weeks.
text:Yeah, because he was in two hours.	labels:Saturday's shift is 444 weeks, and now there's a couple of kids plus Huang Shi Liang.
text:Like yours is five.	labels:Five of them are female teachers or men?
text:Female teacher. Lee.	labels:Teacher, I'll just come straight over that day.
text:For September 12th, and then you read it. You don't have a collar, do you?I don't think so.You can come 10 minutes early.	labels:I'll be here tomorrow, or I'll be here by the day of school.
text:You can come tomorrow, but you'll have to bring it back on the day of your class.	labels:I understand.
text:Just come over on the 12th of the day. It's fine. It's okay. It's okay. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lin Wan Yo.	labels:That's right. That's what we do.
text:My call came up to you to ask me about gai, Huanggang Muchi.I don't think so.Okay.	labels:Do a good job.
text:Mr. Ding.I don't think so.Good on the outside.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Father Lin Soo-chi? I'm a teacher in Angli. You've consulted with Tofu. Do you need it now?	labels:What is the cost of not considering for the time being?
text:The cost is now 12,800 base, then 18,800 base, 12,800 base.	labels:How long is the base possible?
text:Forty weeks, 110 hours, yes, now there's only 15 people in the small class.	labels:All right, let's talk about it later. We'll talk about it later.
text:Well, there's another one of your kids who used to speak English, which is actually pretty good, mostly in writing modules, because we're gonna have a lecture on Saturdays and Sundays to see if you have time to bring him in or let him come by himself.	labels:You'll have time for a little while, so let's bring him over.
text:There are two courses, one of which is in the country, and one of which is a study abroad, which one do you want to hear?	labels:It's mostly high school, too.
text:Okay, I'll give you a text on Saturday, and we'll change our address. If you come over, just watch it. Okay, are you in 1st grade or 3rd grade?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Is it Chen Yutya's mother? Hello, I think another teacher would like to know if you've found out about your mid-level grades?
text:It's 158 points.	labels:I passed, right? Well, there's one more thing about the exam, and it's supposed to be the 16th in the next two days.I don't think so.Do you have a test report?
text:Why don't I go back and talk about it? Because I'm not out there right now.I don't think so.I know. If I want to report, we'll report it to you, okay?	labels:I mean, you signed up online.
text:So we'll be online because I saw I didn't open the link. Did I see you send some of them to you as class teacher?	labels:No, I'm in charge of notification.
text:I saw the teacher send out some introductions, and I didn't open them very carefully, because when it comes out in the morning, how's it going at work? I'll be back. Thank you.	labels:Okay, okay, bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lin Wei-woo, I'll send it to Wang Wei. No, it's possible at a meeting. I'll send you the number. Okay, just a moment.I don't think so.1370101990901370193590? There's plenty of time for you to know this week. Okay.I don't think so.Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:7:0.	labels:It's a little too small, huh?
text:Seven.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Eight.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Yeah, well, my friends on the other side go in, and we're supposed to go out and say we've got friends in the country, you can listen to it, you can go to primary school, you can go to school, and I'm in the middle of the class. I'm in the middle of it. I'm in the middle of it. I'm in the middle of it. I'm in the middle of it, and I'm in the middle of it.I don't think so.Really. But I think I've got a job here, and if you want to talk to me, it doesn't matter, so you can't have a lot of classes that don't answer the phone. You can come.I don't think so.Mm-hmm.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:All right, all right. I'll look at you. I don't know why there's no point, I'll split it in two and I'll forget. All right?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Liu Xiaowoo.	labels:Hello, Mrs. Kwok. I'm just calling your mother. I think we'll get a little scared of me, so soon.
text:I'm sure I won't be able to reach the service until 500 service payments have been made.	labels:He's the one who's lost his hand now.
text:Because one person threw it in Northern Europe and ate it.	labels:So when it happened, I'm sorry, I'm 7:00,500, because I called you and you won't get 500, because I can't split until the one-and-three. And then I can come back, and if it's too soon, I'll call his wife.
text:My neutron system is sure I can't pay for it.	labels:You said you were going to pack it up because I was coming after 500, and you said I was going to deliver it, and I hit it. It's okay, 'cause I got 240 minutes on my own.
text:Because I took your job for you, and I'm sure I couldn't do it five times as much as I could.	labels:Either I come directly to you, and I've been talking for five minutes, because it's possible that I've just had time to get better money.
text:I can't just say there's a light like that for the rest of us.	labels:Of course, I'm going to keep one of my dealers and I'm going with the financial consultant, so the girl you might have listened to, and Vernon in Russia should have just talked about one that just went up and raised, and I came here to drink, and I drank a five-pack of a tie bag and a five-pack of steel.
text:'Cause slowly this thing is just after I'm sure it's done for him.	labels:You left two and came out. I was just 14 because I told you to go and help me. You just told me not to cry.I don't think so.You just said I wasn't a brother.
text:I'm sure I'd like to get something to eat in the morning just now in my sleep. I don't think I'll be able to pass through this. You and I can call it.	labels:At 1300, or at most 7 to 88 old jobs, or just a little bit, I'm stuck because I'm two out of a train like this, and I'm stuck, right?
text:I'm telling you, if Gondoriya's side is getting worse and worse, because I need to negotiate with that light, because it's definitely not easy to talk about, so don't have kids who can adjust it, and if you can coordinate with me to put this place in the house, do this, and I'll take care of you if you lose the money.	labels:I'm not the one who can fuck me. Why?I don't think so.Because I've just arrived, because I've come back and I've told you that I can't go to death, and I've been working with you for 20 minutes because you've been on a regular plane and you've been on a show. How much have you done? That's why I've moved your life to your house and what I've been doing all the time?
text:Yeah, I need to know, okay?	labels:You said I could still be on stage with that attitude. Either that day, you shouldn't have told me, I should have been too good to say too little. I said you'd be quiet and qualified.
text:Yes, we've all asked me to just use the daughter's fee. This is one of the things I'd like to clarify to you.	labels:If I don't know my clients in Japan, they're customers, because I'm 500 and I'm just moving, okay?I don't think so.I just wanted to go, because I'm an honest man, but I've just signed up for b2a. I've been there a couple of times. I've been there a couple of times since you were both broke up. I've been there a few times since you got divorced, and I've been safe, and I've been looking for two more shopping products, and I haven't had much to drink, and I've been calling since they became Hong Kong's mayor.
text:I know I understand the mood, and I'm sure I'll take care of it when I take over.	labels:I'm sure I won't. I did it before I got here. I'm trying to figure it out.
text:Be nice and feed it again.	labels:You know what?	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Miss Gu? Hello, I'm a teacher from the English-speaking university. Is this true because you've been on the phone for a course on the new concept two? I'd like to ask you about it. Do you want to read it in the fall?	labels:I forgot how you went to class.
text:We go for two and a half hours once a week. You asked about 160 hours of classes. We're probably over a year ago.	labels:How long for this semester?
text:This course is about the last half term.	labels:I said this semester, it's probably how much it's going to end up with a new concept.
text:You said a semester, right?I don't think so.About 30 or so lessons.	labels:He did not seem to have been staged, phase II and phase III of phase I.
text:The new concept is composed of 96 texts, and we are taught one and a half lessons at a time, 1.5 lessons at a time, either not in a phased manner or starting with the first lesson.	labels:It's about how much it costs on your side.
text:We'll figure it out in an hour for about $100.	labels:That's about $100. How much for the whole book?
text:The entire book, together with the teaching materials and an online operation, was 16,000 for the previous year and a half.	labels:Too expensive.
text:But we're not like the outsiders, we're not like the outsiders. If you have time, you can actually take a lesson with you.	labels:Let's see what bus lines you have over there?
text:Where do you live?	labels:I'm reviving the animal Tai should be Young-ja Road Taihara Road.
text:I thought I checked for you earlier. Is the route to Yang Elementary School?	labels:Right.
text:Right? Well, there's a 70-odd bus coming over here, and it's a bus going straight to the door.I don't think so.Well, I know, 'cause I think I sent you the address before.	labels:I forgot, I went to several shops, so I forgot which one was yours.
text:We're in the middle of the sun and the moon. Can you come over here?	labels:There is a possibility of 42 roads in the sun and the moon.
text:No roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, 42 roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, 42 roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads, no roads.	labels:I don't know. I think you guys are more expensive.I don't think so.The rest of the new East will be nothing without you.
text:In the case of the new East, it's 3000 dollars in one phase, four stages, 12,000, but they're not ours, they're 160 hours in the course, they're only 100 hours in the course, and you can read it in many ways, including ours, and we have our own lectures, and we're very detailed.	labels:The costs have to be cleaned up once.
text:If the cost is the same, you can pay it half-time or one book at a time.	labels:Not a single semester, no.
text:It's either half a book or a full book.	labels:Okay, I got it.
text:If you want to come over, you can call me, or you can call me.	labels:Well, how long does it take every class?
text:Two and a half hours at a time, and on Saturday we'll take a look at next Saturday. Next Saturday's the first class. If you want to go, you must start with the first class.	labels:Yes, how many people have signed up now.
text:There are four of us in this class, and we have one of the advantages of having mini-classes on our side. Unlike if you go to the new East, his class could have reached 20 or 30 people. Like ours, it's a relatively small number, it's a lot more practiced by kids, including teachers, and each child, after all, has his own characteristics, his own strengths and his weak advantages. If there are fewer, the teacher will be clearer.I don't think so.It's like a mini-class. You know, if you're out there, the price is definitely different from that of a big class.	labels:Yeah, but we're salaried. It's too expensive.
text:That's okay. Is it okay if you report half the time?	labels:Okay.
text:Okay, it's okay. You know what? Okay.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:You Wong Li.	labels:Hello. I'd like to ask you, what the middle-level interpreter is about to say is an oral test.
text:Intensive classes.	labels:If I'm an intensive class, when does Saturday start?
text:Saturday starts on Saturday, October 17th, and he's 8:30 to 11.30 a.m.	labels:Is that the first lesson?
text:First class.	labels:What's the number?
text:You've got four classes for this intensive class, and he's ready for the November exam.	labels:Is it too late?
text:His first lesson next week, and then early November, when he finished, was due to be part of the examination in mid-November.	labels:That's right. Okay, so we're gonna give you a name? It's like coming up.
text:When you signed up, did you sign up for the written test and the oral test?	labels:Yes, together.
text:It's the paper. You're supposed to be in an oral test class, aren't you?	labels:Could be Liu Jung-sik. Do you have any records on your side?
text:Wait a minute. Let me see. Call Liu Jing.	labels:We're not going to class this week.
text:So you're not at 8:30 a.m. on Saturday, so you'll come in early and you'll just have to do the paperwork.	labels:There's no refund for this, is there? Something like that?
text:Is it true that he signed up for a written test together with you? That part of the oral test is a gold class of 3100, right? It's paid.I don't think so.Yes, in the case of 3100, he's talking about 3000 more intensive cases, so if you're going to re-pay your oral statements, or if you're going directly to transfer his costs directly to the oral proceedings, then it's up to you to report it.	labels:Just turn straight.
text:It's a straight turn that can.	labels:And then you'll get $100 back, won't you?
text:If we go straight to him, he'll get 100 bucks back.	labels:Okay, well, the other one is that you have a staff call today to ask if we can't get a high score. Do you have a record?
text:Yeah.	labels:Are you in charge now? That's it.
text:Do you remember what teacher called you? Did you just tell him it was high or no? Yes, he did? He probably did, because we're counting because some of him didn't want to go to the top class.	labels:At the outset, I told him that it was not, because he asked me about my specific accomplishments and asked me to report them to him, because I had nothing on my hands.
text:Now, do you have any grades? Yes, you will. I'll take a note. Okay.	labels:The hearing is 76-76.I don't think so.Reading is 46 points, reading 46. Silver is 355, 35.5, Han-young is 29, right?
text:The total score is 1,100,865.	labels:186.
text:Right? Right. Called Liu Jin-shik.	labels:What's your last name? My last name is Jan. Is this what you're going to tell me?
text:It'll be conveyed.	labels:All right, all right.
text:Then make sure you're on the high-temperature list.I don't think so.Good-bye. You can just come by in the morning on the day of class. Saturday, right? Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lin Huai-woo. May I ask if you'd like to come over now? Yes, I'm speaking to you, right?I don't think so.Miss Chu?I don't think so.Yeah, I'm coming. I'm coming to lunch. It's okay.I don't think so.Okay, I'll be right there. Thank you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:I'm Ho Woo from Duff School. The exercise list's ready. It's 3922.
text:3922, right? You'll be right back.	labels:Okay, that's it. I've done it already. Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mr. Lin Wai-woo. Yes, I'd like to confirm that you added me to your letter, but I don't think I did. Mi-ja, look at you. I'm just talking about Mr. Yoo's teacher. I thought you'd send him the text. He said you'd call again? 1363651951983174. Look, I remember I didn't add to it.I don't think so.Okay, you tell me one thing, then you send me a lecture and comments for today, so I can talk to you if you want to. OK, you go ahead and I'll talk to you, and you can wait a little longer. Is that right? You'll just wait a little while. It's like the signal's in the subway. It's bad in the subway. Okay, I'll check it out later, or you can send me a short message, and then you tell me in that mode that I'm on the phone, and I'll see if it's okay. Okay, bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Uh-huh. What class were you in? Hello.	labels:Where?
text:Yuan Jia-hsien is Yap's parent. What is it? I'm here with Mr. Wu, who runs the school district in Angry-Speaks. Did I say Ye's going to Tofu class?	labels:It's supposed to start on the 17th.
text:I've made up a couple of student names, because they're like me.	labels:I am.
text:You know what I know. Call the parents, because it started on the 17th, so we're going to go back on Saturday, because one of them is off on Saturday, or we can't change classes.I don't think so.The entire class was then extended from 17 July to 31 October to speak with the parents.	labels:We're just gonna make it.
text:Classes can begin at the end of the month on 31 October.	labels:It'll be even later.
text:There is no way, because he can't change the course on October 6th, so we stopped on October 6th, the whole school stopped on October 6th, and then there was one typhoon in July, so the two weeks would have to follow, otherwise there would have been no way to finish, so we had to postpone it by two weeks, and generally we would not have postponed it.	labels:There will be no other situation after that.
text:No, except when you will take your exams, and you will report for basic classes.	labels:But I'm like March.
text:Have you ever been to a class?I don't think so.Just a little bit.	labels:No, you did.
text:Did you report him for the March exam? What grade is he in?I don't think so.Right? There's another way in a senior year, for example, if you're nervous right now, you'll feel a little nervous about the March exam, but there's another way that when you're on a weekend shift and you're moving some of your courses to a cold break, and you're ending up in a cold break, so you can finish all the bases in March.	labels:Anyway, I didn't start until the 17th, and then you're gonna have to wait another half month, and I think it's only been two months since I've been here.
text:That's what class says, because if you report when, then you're certainly not willing to start a class that's already started, because it's not from the top, it's from some parents, and maybe the content of the course doesn't meet a student's requirements, so you're waiting for a new class, right?I don't think so.That's the situation, yes, so let me look at one, and I just said, if you want to make progress, then you can get it back in the cold shift, like you're writing on it now, then at the later stage.	labels:I know it's like you don't have to digest your intensive students.
text:Well, normally, you report it, and we say that normally when you report for the March exam, in the absence of a Tofu class, then it's only for the kids to try it once, not for the real purpose of completing all my classes.I don't think so.Okay. I'm sorry. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:The number you have dialed is busy. Please try again later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mom Xue. Hi, I'm Ele's teacher-in-law. Please inform us that because it was due for two weeks on Wednesday, because the next week was tied to Victory Day, it was just postponed to explain the notice, because I graduated cdcd on 18 September, according to the appeal.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, I'd like to ask you if you're going to a new place to start this Sunday. Right. What's the address? South Circle?	labels:No, it was North-South, and now it's in Pudong Food City.
text:General foods? Yeah. I always thought it was Pudong Food City.	labels:The voucher dealer can also come in, and it has goods on both sides, and the stairmen have elevators straight to the elevators.
text:Straight-up elevators in the mall, right? Okay.	labels:Thank you. What class?
text:Sbs.	labels:Sbs for a second, right?I don't think so.What's your kid's name?I don't think so.Zhang Yunjun? Has a teacher called you? No, you're waiting for the shift. Why?
text:Mr. Cheung is your student?	labels:The parents called in the afternoon and asked where the class was.
text:Got it. Are you here? What's going to happen to the company today?	labels:He asked me why I waited.
text:Because he doesn't have so much stuff at all.I don't think so.The class chief will call him.	labels:That's why Chang is so nice. You'll get a call from the class chief in the next couple of days.
text:What's changed?	labels:I don't think so.
text:It doesn't change, does it? Because the last time I told you to change my schedule, I confirmed it to your teacher, and he said that this 100% won't change again, right?	labels:Which teacher did you confirm that Mr. Lee is Mr. Lee or Mr. Director?
text:I didn't know which one was the teacher because I signed up for the reception.	labels:Is that right? You'll get it in two days, or if there's a change, you'll hear from Mr. Lee on the phone. There's no change.
text:I've waited so long.	labels:Because I didn't bring this class either, so I'm probably gonna call you if there's a change in the class in the next two days.
text:Okay? You still don't know if it's changed?	labels:Because I'm not sure.
text:You're not sure? I'll call him.	labels:Why don't you just call Mr. Lee? Say thank you to Mom. Bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Do you understand? How much is Saturday at the latest when you come to class this week?I don't think so.Saturdays are a couple of times. By 12:1 p.m., you or the user are in the service area, that's all. Do you mean the user? You can't do that later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Then he'll give Mr. Lee Xiao Jing a job for you tomorrow.	labels:Do a few things. Listen to the song.
text:I dreamt that day, and now we have 164 people abroad, and then a year later we dream that we have become more than 400 people abroad.	labels:What's gonna happen, huh?
text:It's true that there's more than 400 people. You want more than 30 grand per person, 12 million overseas alone, yes. I'll really call you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Eight.	labels:Hello, sir. I'd like to ask you again, it's settled.
text:I'm sorry, because Zhang Wen Ho's mom and I have to wait one more thing for him to be sure, so I haven't answered you yet, so I'm sure I'll call you right away?	labels:Because we're asking here about the number of people we've set to start, and we're going to do a count here, and then you're going to be able to make sure you give me a response.
text:What time do you get off work?	labels:It's almost five o'clock today.
text:Five o'clock, right? All right. I'll get it before work, all right?I don't think so.Okay.	labels:You guys want to turn around about Yang-chun, don't you?
text:We're going to spend time with two kids, because we're going to class with each other.	labels:Well, what time do you want to go?
text:I just can't let them have any other plans right now, you know?	labels:You want to go Friday, don't you?
text:Yeah, I'd like to go to Friday because Saturday's too short, it's urgent.	labels:Okay, why don't you give me a quick answer today? Because it's pretty tight up there. Okay, good-bye. Bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm.	labels:Three points in my heart.
text:I don't like that.	labels:My good imagination is real.
text:Mm-hmm.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hi, I'm the other teacher from the campus. You've consulted with us at Harvard, and you want to ask if you're all set. He hasn't had an English class yet, right?I don't think so.Then I'll tell you, we'll have a new class in Harvard 2a on Sunday, and you'll have to listen to 9-11.30 a.m. Sunday at 10 a.m.	labels:It's so early, it's usually so early.
text:If you're in class one, let me take a look at the time one a class we're in class at 3:30-5:30 Saturday afternoon.	labels:When did it start?
text:One-a class started in October, after the good National Day, and the two-a class started early, so I wanted to show you, because the last time I told you it was early, it was 9-11.30, and if you don't think you'll be able to get up in the morning, it'll be 10 o'clock or 1 o'clock, and it'll be the second half.	labels:Okay, Ma, let's take a look. Okay, or I'm right today.
text:Sunday starts.	labels:Let me take a break this afternoon. I take a break on Saturday. I don't take a break.
text:Saturday you're either next Sunday.	labels:I'll take a look. Okay.
text:Or I'll call you next week, okay? Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I think this should be wrong. Bye.	labels:Looks like you've said it. You've said it's not easy for two hours, so 40.
text:Hi, is it Maventine's parents? Good for you. I'm the teacher of the Angry language. If you call, would you like to know, because this isn't the score for the written interpretation test?	labels:And then we came out in March.
text:Now that's the same thing as an oral test? These two days, anyway, they're ready to sign up.I don't think so.Okay.	labels:Right.
text:That's right. Okay, let me tell you something.	labels:You said I didn't have to pass the photos because I didn't have them last time.
text:If that's the case, I'd like to ask you something. Hold on a second.	labels:Do you still have to upload a picture when you're here for $4? You're going to sign up for the exam.
text:It's a part of the examination centre, so it's not very clear to us, but it's supposed to be uploaded again.I don't think so.Yes, a one-off gift to the person at best.	labels:Anyway, because I can grow up with four pictures for almost three months.
text:And can give it to my big brother.	labels:Gaga.
text:He's actually been trying to get the picture right for himself in recent months, you know? You don't want a picture of a decade ago, maybe you're saying that the kids have grown up really bad. That's right. It doesn't change much, because it involves a cheating or something like that.	labels:All right, ladies pass Coco, I guess I'm right.
text:All right, good job. I'll see you outside.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Okay. Yes. Good-bye.	labels:How are you, Hiromoto? I'd like to ask you if your fourth-grade contract is in there right now.
text:You'd like to believe it, because September 20th is already on.	labels:Take a few classes.
text:Because once in the middle of the autumn, once on the Fourth of July, there were two classes.	labels:It's only been two classes, isn't it?I don't think so.On September 20th, once, and then yesterday?
text:Yesterday was Sunday, and I took a look at yesterday's class.	labels:So how many times? Three times? Sunday? Right.
text:It's 9 p.m. to 6 p.m.	labels:What do you mean you've been on bail now? You haven't had a test once, and you can read it for free next time?
text:It's the last five days of intensive classes.	labels:A second reading of the five-day intensive phase, yes.I don't think so.You can read it a few times free of charge. What's the charge? What's the charge?
text:The total cost is 3,000.	labels:3000, right? It's everything. What teacher is teaching you?
text:I'm gonna show you our schedule. Okay.	labels:This way, please.
text:Or was it the original student?	labels:No, I'm a reporter.
text:It's Mr. Qi Yunfang.	labels:Is Qi Yunfang right? Mr. Qi Yunfang.
text:Okay.	labels:How many of you are he?
text:It's 22 in here.	labels:Can 22 be added? Yes. 30 or 25 full shifts. 25 full shifts, 25 full shifts. Not if I have 3 4 students.
text:We're going to have to talk to the headmaster again. Did you call me? Who? Did I call you?	labels:Because there are students here who might want to report, I'd like to ask you about the situation on your side.
text:I'll call you tonight? I'll talk to Director Fan. Let's see what's going on.	labels:Let's see if we can add two, 'cause there might be three or four people I can see.
text:This way.	labels:Yesterday's update was twice, that's, yesterday. Is it in there? Yeah. It's just two lessons. That's a few more.
text:Ten weeks in total?	labels:There's eight lessons for ten weeks, isn't there?
text:It's between 9:00 a.m. and 6:00 p.m.	labels:If you take off his front fees, because you can't make up for the first two times in this class, right?
text:Reciprocal waits for the latter, and I'm not sure when.	labels:So if you're reading it now, you're gonna have to take out the cost twice? It's $300 a time. Okay, thank you. Oh, I'm sure.
text:153,533,725725, yeah.	labels:Thank you very much. Mm-hmm. Okay, bye.
text:Look where it is.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:The phone's slow. I'm sorry. I'm O'Lear as a circle teacher, just like we thought we could give it to you in September, and I've just been offered it free of rent, so I'm starting a new business in here, and I think we're going back to where we're going, and some of the steps are just coming over to Sister Be.I don't think so.Because it wasn't Liu Xiyang who knew? Liu Xiao Yi, then my teacher Wang Kuro of Russia, Li Bong Jado, whose heart is KTV thank you for the 10th minute of the night.I don't think so.Party 13 is absolutely on guard.
text:For third parties.	labels:The 13th is the same as Russia.
text:A man who likes to have a mother, including a daughter of a girl, and then keeps on driving.	labels:Yes, the female teacher 45, not the Russian vest, overcame Russia to reach Russia in order to clean up the first-class Russia in Beijing, because of this situation, because he had left his job and left the grass-roots public security organization to say that he had gone to his husband and wife, so what percentage had just been given to Allah, because she was a dead girl's vest, tied to her other main vests, and the teacher took his easy Russia, because Beijing was Russia, and fell out of the metro bank, and I was so impressed with you that I waited for the previous time to play with Mr. Luk's teacher, including the fact that I had a good relationship with his parents and friends.
text:Miss Luk's face-to-face teacher is right. I told him I was here every week. I'm not in the middle of it right now.I don't think so.I said this could be.	labels:Fight four of these lines.
text:And then Mom, you're only Gorr himself.	labels:Because you know each other well, don't you?
text:It's not much of a reform, it's just that I'm so busy with names.	labels:Because it's just the house to come to class, as long as it's the kids to go back, because Comrade Zhang is doing something, and I'm sure Shoubao has something to do with it, okay?I don't think so.I'll make it work myself. I'll buy my teacher a good teacher. I'll just be in my class in Lugo Harbor this year. I can listen to it. Tomorrow if I have a grandson, tomorrow if a bear has a grandson, every week I'm out of town and Russia. Thank you very much.I don't think so.If you're so happy to give you two teachers, I'd think it'd be easier to come here in the middle of the night to hear it, or to call a client, and if you did it or first, would you be a new customer?
text:You say collateral. Yeah. You know I don't.	labels:Not many CDs are available at the provincial level.
text:I'll ask you what I'm talking about. I'll see you later.	labels:Good to be outside.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lee Wan Woo, I've got a phone call from the front, and I'm asking if it's the Prince's Book parents. This is Mr. Wu, who runs the 800-language school district. You're reporting a Tofu basic course. It's 12:30 p.m. on Sunday.I don't think so.All right, well, let's tell Mom, and then we'll go to the new campus. Just in your food building, right. We'll let you know because some of the students were registered at the time of the handover. And then we'll ask you, can I add you to your microblogging? Through 138183 mobile phone.I don't think so.That's the number that's going to add to your message, right? I'll add your message later. Can you confirm?I don't think so.All right, then let's have a look at the little blackboard at the front desk. We'll all have it on the blackboard. All right, I'm the class's teacher. If there's a problem in the future, you can call me if you need it in a learning process. How's my name?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to ask you a question. He's not on the phone because you like it. You're still the first one, right? What's going on behind you? Hello.	labels:Hello, Mr. Zhou's mother? Can you talk? I'm busy. Where are you? I'm speaking English.
text:He passed me to the teacher's teacher.	labels:How many points would you like to tell me here? Because I'm doing a count here, right? 161? Do you remember the single score?
text:I'm gonna check it out.	labels:You've been assigned to the class chief to know you've sent him a screenshot, haven't you?
text:He gave me a screenshot of him and sent him to Mr. Wu's place.	labels:Okay, I got it. Thank you. Bye-bye, mm-hmm.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Welcome. Hello, Miss Kwok?
text:No, Mr. Kwok is resting first.	labels:Mr. Kwok is off today. I'm sorry if I have a bad signal. Mr. Kwok suggested it. Can I ask you a new concept for Friday night?
text:Miss Lee, wait a minute. Okay, 4:15, right? Right.	labels:It's tomorrow.
text:Hold on a second, let me take a look.	labels:Okay, thanks.I don't think so.Uncle.
text:Which teacher did you come to this class? Yes, Miss Lee. Can you hear me?	labels:He can hear you, Mr. Lee. His name is Lee. He's Li. He's Li. He's Li.
text:Trees for the new pebbles this month.	labels:I'm in the mood.
text:Happiness, right.	labels:Okay, please help me, Mr. Rowe. One of our little friends, Jan Young Ho, calls Yang Tianichi to transfer to class.
text:Okay.	labels:I know it's a teacher today, and I'm sure it's a 4:00 or a six, and now I'm set, and I'm good after 4:00.
text:Let me see if this class is full. Hold on a second, let me see if this class is full.	labels:I don't know if I'm embarrassed.
text:Yes.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Welcome to Angli Education's live extension. Call 0.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is this Chiu Young-seo's mother? I'm here to speak English. Hello, let's call the kids to the entrance and exit. We usually start at 6:30 p.m. this Friday.	labels:And then you'll remind the kids to come to class. And the new campus is right? If we know every classroom in common food, we'll put it on the blackboard, or you don't know if you can ask the other teachers. OK, OK. Bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Yuan Yu is here? You're Miss Wu? He's on the phone or I'll let him call you later. How else can he call me? Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:8	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Go ahead. Hello.	labels:I'm asking if it's the Olympic Moon and Moon campus. Yeah. I'm asking our kids before they go to third grade and I want to ask you if you're going to the Sps class.
text:There is.	labels:When was that?
text:I'd like to ask you if Mom is Wednesday night. Wednesday night is 4:00 to 6.30 p.m.	labels:Dot - 6:30, I'll take a look at 4:00 - 6:30? Yes, this is.
text:It's starting next week. It's supposed to be Wednesday, and it's going to be Wednesday.	labels:How many lessons is this?
text:Forty.	labels:Forty lessons, right. How much? $8,800.
text:About 100,100 an hour.I don't think so.I'd like to ask you what kind of promotion the child is. You're in the third grade now. You're in the third grade. There's probably four children in this class right now, but you're in the fifth class, you're in the third grade, you're almost in the third grade, you're in the second grade, you're in the second grade, you're in the second grade, you're in the second grade.	labels:Because we went to a public school and then went to the new East in the first two years, we stopped a semester last year for the last semester.
text:Well, I'd like to ask Mom, because if you're going to the third grade for the sbs, you're going to have to read the new concepts 1 and 2 in the fourth and fifth grade.I don't think so.If you want your mother to ask for the student section, I'll probably think about something else in the second half of the fourth grade, for example, which is more difficult. Sb is not too hard.	labels:Because I think we're not very well-founded, and because the English version of the official language is a little bit more comparable, I just want to tell him that it's not too hard to read, or it's getting less interesting and annoying.
text:Right.I don't think so.Then where the sbs were actually good, it was a training programme with oral and hearing skills, and it was mainly oral, it would increase the children ' s extracurricular vocabulary, because when you were in school, he looked at them and kept talking together.	labels:That's right. Did you have a long drive? It was on the same road, from our school to the other side.
text:On the road to the high school in Lou Bay.	labels:Okay, I'll take a look.
text:Mom can keep a phone call.	labels:Yes, 1891891831836666266752.
text:So I'd like to ask you your child's name?	labels:Li. Could be on weekends? Yes.
text:On weekends, we're at 3:306 on Saturdays.	labels:3.30 - 6 p.m., right.
text:If you want to attend a class on the weekend, you can make up for your first class next week.	labels:I thought about it because we had a lot of homework in the third grade, and I was afraid it would be too late.
text:Don't worry about it. We're taller than you are. We're four liters in the first grade, I think.	labels:We're writing slow, we're starting school these two days, so I'm worried. Let's see how he's doing this week, and then we'll report it.I don't think so.We went to school in the second grade, and I said it was too much.
text:In general, it's two-by-three, because it's too little, and unless its bottom is very good, it's probably going to hear something in the clouds at a later stage, and there's no way to write it. The more urgent it is, the harder it is to write, the better it is to be, the better it is to be a teacher, the younger it is at what age it is, the smaller it is, because the child of two or three years is not really intelligent, the less heartless it feels.	labels:That's the normal key.
text:At a time when parents don't have to force him to do what they want, he'll be upset, and he'll feel sorry for himself, just let him write like this and get used to it.	labels:All right, I'll check the road. I'll see you guys later.
text:Well, if it's convenient, you can come over for the weekend, because we'll have an audition for the weekend.	labels:Okay.
text:You can have him over at 3:00 on Saturday afternoon. Okay. Thank you. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Ms. Chang? Hello, I'll answer to the school teacher in Angry Language. You've been here for a test, and I'd like to ask you what you're doing with the class.	labels:We haven't arranged it yet. It's like he's been full these days.I don't think so.Should I see him again? He's got anything to dance or anything. The teacher says we'll see if we don't have time.
text:All right, let's see what we can do. We'll call you later. See you later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is this Miss Yuan's phone number? Where are you? I'm speaking Angry. Yes, that's last year's New Concepts course. I'd like to know if my little friend's reading.	labels:Book one, volume two, is about that thing.
text:It's a new concept. May I ask which side?	labels:It's all the same, and then they pick one and they pick the same one.
text:That's about it, isn't it?	labels:It's the second time.
text:It's a new concept, right? Because it's still important, he's going to say he's right about junior high, so you're going to have to compare it with him, because you're going to have to spend it on him.	labels:No, it's already read. It's already read.
text:Right? You read this for two years a year.	labels:Because.
text:The new concept will be a bit more difficult, so the general course will be longer. It will be a year and a half or two, if you read it.	labels:How often does a year or two mean a special time or something?
text:Twice?I don't think so.Special for special.	labels:I didn't ask specifically, but for the first time, we've read it, haven't we?
text:First time.	labels:It's finished, and now it's just a second reading.
text:It's just a second reading, isn't it?I don't think so.You're tired, aren't you?I don't think so.If you say so, let's compare it to him, because we'll have a relatively good time with our kids.	labels:It's signed up. It's a copy of the dead.
text:He's got it. You know what you're doing, 'cause you know, you just signed a mortgage to keep it safe, and you're going to lose a few of your interests.	labels:I'm losing your teacher because it's good for a teacher, I think it's sick for a teacher, and I'm more concerned for a younger teacher, so it's faster, so which one's taller and Kim's just not mature because of his mind.
text:That's about it, isn't it?	labels:It should be understood.
text:I took it and I left. I left.	labels:It's always been here, like a farmer and a little bit higher labor, and a young man can sell, a pulse, or something?
text:Always moving the accused.I don't think so.That's right.	labels:I was not in the new East, we first read the new East, then my wife was not satisfied, and now he looks at you and then your mother is seven and eight, and I tell him he's got one like Cao Cao in Ford, and I'm dead, and I'm blessed.
text:I'm fine with my family, because I want to explain that when I'm just here, I'm sure I'm going to have to have a better king, and I'm talking about dreams.	labels:I can't, because he can't pay me back, can he? I can't change it.
text:Understand well then.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Rejected. I'm back. My quota isn't anyone else in us.	labels:Hello, Mr. Lee? This is Mr. Ally here. You've had a high-level consultation course here. Do you need it now?I don't think so.No, thank you. Do you need anything else for the English class here? Okay, I'm sorry to bother you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lin Wei-woo. Hello.	labels:I'd like to ask a senior student like this, what do you have for English?
text:In the case of a senior, it is suggested that a high school grammar course could be read, or that it could be read in the category of intermediate interpretation interpreters because of the fact that a senior is not in a hurry.	labels:Is there a new concept like that?I don't think so.There are some of these new concepts.
text:But I think I've learned it before when it comes to new concepts.	labels:I've learned two, and now I'm going to learn three.
text:Have you finished your second grade? Now you're in third grade.I don't think so.We don't have classes on this side for the time being, but if you're ready to do this, we're usually three classmates.	labels:What's the cost?
text:Wednesday's word is 7,800.	labels:7,800, which means there's no class now, right?
text:Where do you live now?	labels:He lives on the Dap Bridge side.
text:Right next to you? If you can get your class out first, you can get three people, we can start your shift, set a date, for example, in October or November, and give us a time to enroll.	labels:Let's not talk about it.
text:Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:Also, you have the floor.	labels:I want to ask children about the new concept. He's just in the preparatory class at high school. I want to ask you, if you're learning the new concept, how do you learn the new concept?
text:That's what you said.	labels:What do I mean by that, that he's been learning Oxford English, that he hasn't learned a new concept, that I'd like to tell him about a new concept of fame, if he comes here for the first time, whether it's from the top or something, or if it's a new one a couple of times.
text:Now we're in three volumes, one, two, three.	labels:One hundred and twenty-three new cop internships, right.
text:If there were, but there were, at present, four books, which ranged from, uh, elementary school to high school, which was not available.	labels:Primary school to high school is right.
text:If you can't use the fourth volume, only 123123 can be used.	labels:Where should he go if he's ever studied Oxford before?
text:How many litres do you have?	labels:It's 56.
text:5 liters 6. I'd like to ask if you're the father of the child. So what school is primary school if you're 5 liters 6?	labels:Primary school is the third primary school in China Road.
text:So high school.	labels:Secondary schools are those mentioned above.
text:So I'd like to ask, because you told me earlier that he was just learning New New Century English, so you're all except psychology.	labels:He learns Oxford English. So the School Education and Education Department awards Liu Jeongyu?
text:Yeah, except for that, you've never learned anything else before class, have you?	labels:What did you learn after school? What did the family learn at the teacher's house?
text:So if Dad can do it, he can do it for a test single sex, like a five-litre six-litre kid, and the new concept two starts learning, and if it's not so good, we'll suggest starting with the new concept.	labels:He usually scored well, and his exams were essentially 90 years old.
text:More than 90, right?I don't think so.It's no problem, but you can come and see your dad when you're free.	labels:Look at him without learning about new concepts, starting with new concepts II.
text:The new concept two could be.I don't think so.The new concept of our junior classes is close to our junior classes. You'll be free on weekends, because five-litre-six kids may still be learning more than English, and maybe you'll be studying other subjects outside, such as an o-number or something.	labels:No, if I do, I can rule out one day of learning English on Saturdays or two days on Sundays.
text:So we have classes on Saturdays, you can have Saturdays.	labels:Saturday is.
text:Can you do that? The new concept of a lecture class in general, it's almost two years after the entire book is finished.	labels:Two years to learn.
text:For two years.	labels:Two years of school means me.
text:It's supposed to be all by the first grade and all by the second by the first grade.	labels:It's sixth grade, and I think I'll use it for the next final exam after the new profession.
text:The second is to make the basis for the new concept. Before you go to the third grade, for example, he has to study the grammar of the final exam and read three grades of his own.	labels:Right.
text:The difficulty must be one step at a time, not one step at a time, or the child will not accept it.	labels:Yeah.I don't think so.I'm just saying if he wants to learn, he's just one.
text:Two and a half hours a week at a time.	labels:Two-and-a-half hours, which means that I can prepare for the first year of the class and complete the second book in the first year.
text:It's all over.	labels:And then, in the second year and third year of the year, you'll learn the third book, won't you?
text:Right.	labels:In this case, I'd like to ask you, how much are you two and a half hours?
text:In two and a half hours, I don't have a full book. For example, you're going to study a two-year class, which is 24,000. If you choose a small class of 150, 160 is usually 15,000.	labels:14,000 and 15,000, right? For a semester or something?
text:Two years is the end of a full book. The whole book, one year after three months, the other two years.	labels:One year and three months.
text:That's three.	labels:Three semesters 15,000. Yeah.
text:Three terms, 15,000. One term.	labels:How much for a semester, I don't know about you.
text:It's about six months, because we're going to have an annual holiday, six months in June.	labels:A semester of six months, that's five months, almost 5,000.
text:For almost six classes of 6060, 15,000 after completion, 96, $10,000, or 24,000, the more expensive it is, then you can let your children go to classes like 24,000, because why? After all, you're only 56, so you can keep his basics solid, and later Dad can give him whatever he wants.I don't think so.Even if you want to be quiet when you're born, you can spell it out if you want to.	labels:Okay, okay, I've got time to take the kids.
text:Come and take a look. Dad can keep a phone.	labels:Cell phone, I'll bring him here when I'm done talking to his mom.
text:What's your father's name? What's your last name?	labels:I'll go first. Okay.
text:You can bring the kids around when you have time.	labels:Okay, I'll take the kids and see if it's okay.I don't think so.Address me.
text:You know what? I know, good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mrs. Wang. Hello, I have another answer for Ms. Xiao Qiu. You signed up for Mr. Sbs, right?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I'm sorry about Wang Wei, but that's what the pawn shop has to do, so it's going to go from Susan San to Yu Quan's technical intensive class. Yeah, you don't often know right, I'm out of business. Bye-bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:- Exactly.	labels:00131671177, right? That's right.
text:Hello, sit down and wait, please press 1.	labels:Suo me.
text:All right? September 10th, September 5th.I don't think so.Hello. Sit down and wait, please press 1.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hi, my little friend, Shen Jinqing, who has already cried at Gribas in your midst. I was embarrassed to be here just now because the country was like Griba, like I was there, and I'm sure I felt like I didn't get the bull without notice. q and d confirmed that my notice was Ribarozenko of the Gribarox tank. That's all, because it's three cents you think.I don't think so.It's not supposed to be about two minutes, just wait for me two fours, just do what you want. Just come straight over, and all the people will be able to do what a microblogging can do.I don't think so.I'll let him know when you're done.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Okay.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lee Wei Woo, hello.	labels:Daura Bridge? I'm at Xu's campus. I'd like to ask you if you have a new idea for Sunday afternoon. Second to 30 classes or so.
text:Do you think there's anything on your side that you want to make up for?	labels:It's not remedial, it's a transfer.
text:Ben, huh?	labels:Is it a new concept two?I don't think so.Right.
text:There was one 9th Sunday morning from 9 to 11.30 a.m. this evening.	labels:None at 12.30 - 3 p.m. or 3.30 - 6 p.m.
text:Can we go to class 43?	labels:Is class 43 okay with parents? Class 43.
text:Like I'm missing something today.	labels:If it's about 10, 10 grams, you'll see it's over with Seo-cheon and what he's going to be. Are you going to start next week? Can you see there's only one to 43? What's your time?
text:43 grams is what I know. You just waited 47 40 is 47 is 3:15-5:45 p.m. He is.	labels:3:15-5:45, 3:15-5:45.
text:It's almost the second half.	labels:We're almost there, aren't we?
text:Okay.	labels:If you're here, can you have it Friday night at noon?
text:Wait a minute. You're over 20 now.	labels:Okay, I got it. Thank you. Bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Please enter the number you want to dial and press the well button to confirm that you want to know the details of the fee.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Please hold on the phone call you dialed is busy now.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mrs. Wong? Hello, I'm speaking English to the campus. Hello, teacher. We're about to start next week 'cause we're talking about new concepts.	labels:We're not going to read this semester, because we're not sbs, because I asked the teacher, and he said that sbs would read the next book of the new concept.I don't think so.There's a time for this.
text:Read it directly after the first reading, and you may not be able to connect with it, because our little friends here are sbs who take the new concept directly after the first reading, and if you read it, they won't be able to keep up with it, because many grammatical points have not been learned.	labels:Eighty-eight starts.
text:I don't think we'll be able to keep up with more than 80 classes, because all the kids here read the new concepts directly, or if you read them directly, he won't learn many grammar points, the second half.	labels:I'm watching because we're not finished with the sbs right now, in Ulrich.
text:Twelve he wants.	labels:It's December, so I'm not going to be able to connect to your fall shift. I'm going to wait for them to read the new concept. We're going to have a conflict.
text:You'll be in touch when you get here, okay?	labels:Okay.
text:Thank you very much.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:He did a lot of cheap work with him, and he didn't make any adjustments at that time.	labels:You're Shandong's mom? I'll take a look at Wang Li's teacher. I'm afraid the message won't be clear. I'll call you on the 28th class for the kids. I'll ask you if I'm not coming on Friday. Yes, I'm not coming on Friday. That's it.
text:But when I look at their price so high, we're going to go to the teacher and say, we are going to.	labels:I'm sorry, but I'm looking at his account balance of 325, plus the 2000 gift, which amounts to $2325, so if we move to this class, we'll need more than $1,000.
text:Okay, okay.	labels:I'd like to talk to you about the fact that after the second reading, there are other kids in the back who need to have a second reading, you may wish to come over and fill in a card.
text:I would like to start with the middle of the day, because Tuesday is coming up next year, as is the case.	labels:I'm telling you the main reason is that, after we moved to the new campus this month, we're going to have a school festival, and we're going to be doing two dozen grand the previous time, or we're going to give you 2,000 dollars, so we're going to give you an extra 2500, so there's no such benefit after 11 years, so if there's a course in your backyard that you're going to study here, I'm going to give you the preferential policy.
text:Okay, I know, and I'm probably going to say this now or later, and it's going to last up to $1 trillion, because it's going to be a long time until next year. Okay, so what kind of Internet can I transfer to you for more than $1,000?	labels:If you don't come by this Friday, we'll have to check in with the computer if you have time to bring Carpen.
text:Okay, can I have Ming come back tomorrow while we're in class?	labels:You can bring it back when you're in class, and then you can transfer it to me, or I can transfer it to the campus.
text:Okay, you tell me how much money you have on your mail? Okay.I don't think so.And then we didn't take the class last October 5th.	labels:October 5th is 2728, because we were right last week, 27 28, because last Friday was stopped once, and because October 10th wasn't a schoolboy, we stopped. So he said October 5th was 27 28 27 28.I don't think so.Now I'm probably looking at a class that's two weeks from now, because he's in 23 classes, and it's probably two weeks from now before there's something that can be filled up.
text:And I'm waiting for me to be able to go straight from 27 to 28.	labels:Also, don't make up for the 27-28 if they're going to class 26 or so.
text:All right, all right.	labels:Okay, good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, dear boy. It's like I'm crying because I'm Li Bing. I'm separated boyfriends for 15 miles.	labels:Ryugang was assigned by China to receive one of them, and I'm also one of them.
text:My local stuff, right.	labels:'Cause one of the guys I told him to pick up a set of tickets would have put me in isolation, and by the way, I'd be able to make sure in September.
text:And because it was Friday that was to be fought against the war, it was postponed to the next week.	labels:It's good because I want to give an institution as if I had eight days.
text:It's my understanding. I'll see you later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Well, hello. The user you're calling is off. Please call later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:The time to talk about the points of knowledge.I don't think so.Hello.	labels:It's Yang's mother, right? I'm here with Ms. Alle Lee. So, are you going to finish five more classes in your new class? Well, I'd like to talk to you about the children's class, because it's a middle class in our case, so I don't know what you're going to do about it.
text:I've been having trouble reading this, and if I've asked them, the English teacher hasn't given me a clear answer.	labels:What you want to do now is to say clearly that you want to improve your grades and that you want to improve your abilities, because I know that Zhangjiang's classes are under a lot of stress.
text:Actually, he's got a lot of work to do, and we don't want to put a lot of pressure on him, that's all.I don't think so.So it'll be more difficult, and I don't want your wife to get in trouble now, and I want him to accept you a little more solid.	labels:I think of you.
text:I hope I personally hope that he will be able to raise his voice a little bit.	labels:I feel like you're going to read it.
text:When did the vent start?	labels:Here's the thing at the airport: if it's Friday, if it's Sunday tomorrow, it's just last week.
text:We may be in the first half of the night, and your winter break starts because he's playing on Friday now.	labels:You want to go to that intensive class on your winter break, don't you?
text:I don't think so either.	labels:Yeah, I think you're that general.
text:I think it's for the kids, because we might have to take him off for a little while.	labels:I'd rather or more advise you to say that you're right once a week after Sunday's class, because Sunday's teacher is fine, and the director of the project department of Jo Ning's teacher agency is right, because it's you who read the machine, and only allows him to enhance your vocabulary and hearing skills. You're not trying to test the certificate, are you?I don't think so.I think you've just read your new medicine, and on the basis of that, it's better if you increase your ability to exercise, and normally you believe in the second reading, because, if you don't, you might be under less stress if you don't want a certificate.I don't think so.If you don't, let's talk to him. On Sunday it's 9 a.m.-11.30 a.m. and 3.30-6 p.m., if you don't want to talk to him, let him try it.
text:Try it at work, yeah.	labels:He'll be fine if he thinks it's appropriate, because he'll follow the second class.
text:I want him to talk to the kids, because we're not good when they're big.	labels:Yeah, I know. You can talk to him. You said you'd try it, and you didn't think it was a good idea.I don't think so.And then when she comes, I'll talk to the class teacher and see what happens, right? Okay, just talk to him, and you give me one more answer on Saturday, okay? Okay. Okay. Okay.	episode_done:True
text:Week.	labels:It's Tuesday, isn't it?
text:Just go check the horses again.	labels:89-20, huh? Okay's okay.
text:Why don't you just come and get the car and get out of here?	labels:13 years and 5 issues of one year.
text:Want to go.	labels:Shanghai to Phoenix Creek.
text:Does he know what he's looking at?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Li Wanyu.	labels:Wong Li? Yes, I'm the father of Qin Dream. Hello.
text:One of the girls in the class is that girl, who may be called a child in the family, and who starts to suffer as long as other people are better than him in class.I don't think so.And then I heard my son say my son gets a score, laughs at him a little, laughs at him, laughs at him a little bit, so I thought you'd tell Mr. Cheung about this thing, it's a little too much, and he came back and said it to his mother because I don't know, and if that's the case, you tell Mr. Zhang it's wrong, how can you know someone else, you're jealous, you're jealous, right?I don't think so.You're a child with a bad character, and my son was so angry.	labels:Says he'll do it next time.
text:In that case, I'll tell him what to do. I'll say it again.	labels:And how to learn. Yeah, that means you can be nice to someone. You should use your mind. The teacher should talk to him. He should talk to him right now, not tell him what you're laughing at and what you're laughing at.
text:There's a problem, okay.	labels:I'll talk to Teacher Cheung. I understand. I'll do it next time.
text:There's a reaction, this thing. Okay, good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Buh. How are you, little sister Wong? Hi, I'm a teacher at the Dap school in English. Would you like to know if the kids have a plan to study English recently? No, okay, excuse me.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Father Chen? Hello, I'm a teacher at the University School of Ulrich, and for you, I'm not saying that I was not a child during the summer vacation.	labels:What's a new concept or something?
text:Some of our new concept one, you said it then, because you're in the fifth grade, right? Make sure you want it.	labels:It's to be foreseen.
text:It's predated, isn't it?I don't think so.If it's predefined, you'll have to come over for a test and see how far it is. Do you have time for tomorrow?	labels:Tomorrow's fine.
text:Am I going to be in the morning or in the afternoon? Can I give you about 10 a.m.? Because, like this, we've got a lot of classes starting tomorrow. Do you know what? Do you want to send another one to you? Okay, you can come to me tomorrow, okay? Okay, bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Okay.	labels:Hi, it's Xu Han Feng's parents. No, I'm Li, and I'm Miss Ally. I'm in the middle of the count. How much do I want to ask you for the written exam?
text:What's the score on the kid's written exam? A little less than 150 and 50.	labels:100155, right? Could you please tell me the score for each single item?
text:I don't remember. What do you want with this?	labels:On our side, we are now compiling the pass rates for the statistical achievements, and then how many points for each score, including what grade you are.
text:It's first two now.	labels:Extraneous, isn't it?
text:Wasn't it? Please, I'll try to be there.	labels:And I'd like to ask you about one of your top students on the score list, and the students who pass are usually on the high score, so I don't know about you.
text:The low score here is more than 150.	labels:You don't want to go, do you?
text:Seventy percent.	labels:And I'd like to ask you if you've finished your exams. No. What are you doing here? It's for the candidates.
text:We're in the annual report, and the money was paid at the time of registration.	labels:Yeah, I know it's all together. I mean, when do you want to write about it, and you want to be in touch yesterday?
text:Mr. Wu called to help me.	labels:You're done, aren't you?
text:He said it was a line set for me on the 5th of May.	labels:Well, that's fine. He'll be fine if he's set. It's fine, because I'm doing points here. I'll see what you need, and I'll tell you what he'll do for you.
text:Yeah, I told him if you'd check it out for me.	labels:It's in there, I see it. Yes, it's in class on December 5. Okay, I'm sorry. Okay, bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Besides, you're right. Hello. I'd like to ask you what a kid can learn in a second grade in English.
text:We'll do a test here in the second grade, and we'll read the new concepts if it's good, and we'll read the sbs if it's not.	labels:What sbs is not for him? Uh-oh.
text:You're in second grade now? Well, Harvard says it's probably more appropriate for first graders or younger kids, because he's still playing.	labels:SDS isn't the kind of 3s4s, for the three.I don't think so.Anyway, what did you read before? How much did he pay for it?
text:A full volume of 8,800, one to two semesters, 40 weeks in total, about a year or so.	labels:He said how much time two years ago? 40 weeks, not how many times.
text:Two and a half hours at a time.	labels:Two and a half hours at a time, yes. The last time in a week, yes, he'll be a pedagogue or a pedagogue.
text:We're all in middle school.	labels:I remember the last time I went to Xu's house, as if I had seen him tell me who was wearing cabbage, as if he was a foreigner.
text:You're going to Angli, we're speaking English, we're speaking English, we're teaching Chinese, we're teaching Chinese, we're teaching Chinese, and our teachers are full-time teachers, because I know that in some institutions, their teachers are part-time teachers.	labels:What's that called?I don't think so.What's your main lesson?
text:Is it okay for us to go to this whole book, including some of our own expansions?I don't think so.There must be some spoken language. If the text of the Sedbassai textbook is focused on listening and speaking, and then learn the whole text, the children will be able to learn about 1,000 words, which will be very helpful to you in your future as a concept of bridging.	labels:Thursday starts on a Sunday.
text:Saturday 9-11.30 a.m., Sundays. Sundays. No, Sundays. Do you need Sunday mornings or afternoons? Today.	labels:No time for Saturdays to learn at the local level.
text:Is Sunday morning okay? Yes.I don't think so.All right, I'll give you a Sunday morning, depending on your needs, because once this class is open, it'll be easy to finish. We'll have a small class. The whole class won't last more than 10 people, like we've been out since Friday afternoon. If you want to go on Saturday morning, we can help you out of this class.	labels:There are no more than 10 other people in one class now.
text:Are there concessions for up to 10 of the 10? We still have 20,000 discounts on our side, which will be over by October.	labels:It seems a new campus on the road is full of value, isn't it? It's this activity.
text:For the same full-value activity.I don't think so.Do you have time for today? I'd like to introduce you to something, including class hours. You're close. Do you have time for the weekend or the weekend? What's the weekend? I'll make a reservation for you on Saturdays, Saturdays, Saturdays, Saturdays.	labels:Around 1.30 p.m.
text:All right, I'll call us later. Our campus address is on the phone with us, and my cell phone is on your phone, and you can see if there's any problems you can get in touch with me directly, okay?I don't think so.Is it easy to leave a name on this side of the street? Is it a color? It's the sky, okay. What school is the second grade? What school is the second grade? Leave a phone call to a very close mother at Yang's primary school.	labels:Okay, 139,139,18302821.
text:18302821. Check it out for 1391830281812.	labels:28212821, right?
text:2821, okay, I'll send my phone to your phone later, and then you can look at it. Can you make a 1:30 appointment for Saturday? Okay, that's it. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:The user you dialed is busy now.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, your number is offline.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mission? All right, welcome. Next thing you know, I didn't do my job today. Thank you.I don't think so.This way, Your Majesty over there.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Uh-oh. Hello.	labels:It's Mr. Zhou's parents. Do you have any questions about your child's performance this year?
text:Did you check it out?	labels:You can check today. Our teacher will call you later for a return visit. Okay? Okay, bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Later.	labels:I'll wait.
text:Go on down there.	labels:It's Zhang Jing's mother. I'm a foreign language teacher.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, other fish. Hello.	labels:Is Mr. Tian here?
text:Hello.	labels:I'm one.
text:Mom, I just got to the neighborhood. I'm gonna check it out for you.	labels:All right, you check it out.
text:I'll tell you in a minute, okay?	labels:Okay, because I figured, if we start on the 11th, the 10th gold week 5th should be the 4th in class, the 4th on Monday, yes. You're just gonna see if there's a 7th on Sunday, and you're saying that I think he's probably the third time, and maybe we can't make it up.
text:He's the third time. You can wait another week until the fourth time.	labels:But we're on the fifth on Friday.I don't think so.That's right.
text:You want to make it up to you? It's harder for you to do that.	labels:Just say next Sunday.
text:Next Sunday we'll be able to make it the fourth time.	labels:Here's the thing. Let's see if there's anything we can do about it. If there's nothing we can do about it, let's just think about it.
text:Synchronize my look.	labels:Have you seen it on Saturday?
text:May I? Yes. I'll take a look at this week, because if it's going to be synchronized, it's going to have to start this week. I'll ask you this for a second this week.	labels:We found out that Gribaro had a new Gribalist, Ribalo, into this room, just my development.
text:Our new class starts on Saturdays and starts next week, because only Friday starts this week ahead of schedule.	labels:Saturday afternoon we'll open next week, too, shouldn't be.
text:You're not next week, are you? Yes, you are.	labels:Next week we're on September 11th, and next Friday it's not Friday.
text:Yeah, Friday's off. I'll read the notice again.I don't think so.I'll take a look at next Saturday. What day will the class start next Saturday on October 10th on the Fourth of October?	labels:Hold on.I don't think so.It's supposed to be number six.
text:If you come to class on the 6th, why not on the 5th? Is the 6th okay? If they're switched to the 6th.	labels:I'll set up the 6th, and I'll take a look at the 7th, maybe 7th, Saturday.
text:Saturday's shift to number six, right?I don't think so.Can we switch to six?	labels:I think so. Sunday must be next week. Day classes, because it's the 20th. Saturday, it's the 12th.
text:Compared to you two a day later, it's basically synchronous.	labels:I understand. I'll be fine on Saturday. Number six will be fine.
text:It's not like you can't come on the 5th of October, you can't come on the 4th class, and then on Saturday 16, they make up the 4th class on Thursday.	labels:The fourth time I changed number five to number six, and I'll arrange it, which means it's okay to move to number six.
text:Right.	labels:Good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. The user you have dialed is off. Please call later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Papa Gu Jin Fei? Hello, I'm a teacher at Dapp School with a foreign language. Hello, you're a new concept two, right? Yes, and we're going to start class at 3:30 on Sunday.	labels:How do you say this started next month?
text:Not always started in September.	labels:The month of October, I remember, was September.
text:'Cause my class here is, and it's always been in September.	labels:Which teacher?
text:Teacher, let me see which teacher you can find on the website. The teacher is here on Friday.	labels:I'll get the teacher out of here. Please tell me more. My phone's not very good.
text:Maybe it's Mr. Sun Qi. Sun's son's daughter-in-law is here.	labels:Good to see you.
text:Right to the table.	labels:It doesn't seem like this teacher, I remember.I don't think so.Who is it?
text:This is Angry speaking from the Dap school district. What's your last name? My last name is Gu. Take care of him.	labels:I'll check if I have a problem and I'll call you back. Do you have a straight line?
text:Right on the straight line.	labels:I remember I wasn't this month.
text:If you don't want to look at it, because I'm recording you in this class, and we haven't started work in October.	labels:I'll check the register and I'll talk to you later.
text:Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Kunming's eyes will shine, and my arms will swing, so say the world is anxious, has no choice but to die, not to admit that I will.	labels:Moral mom.
text:Hello.	labels:Ms. Wang Lizun.
text:What can I do for you?	labels:I just wanted to ask you about your class, because we'll be in class next week.
text:Hey, what do we do?	labels:New concept.
text:I did not report it. Where is it? He is informed of the report of the inspection.	labels:It's not Ulrich, is it?
text:I don't know if I've read this. I see he's in the paper, and he's with Uncle.	labels:Isn't that right?I don't think so.This is mainly due to convenience, mainly because of convenience.
text:Because this weekend he's a Saturday class, because this is how you read in the morning and English in the afternoon.	labels:It's connected. So how long have you been reading it?
text:He's half a year, too. A year.	labels:A year? That's good. Do you think it's a cost or something?
text:It's not a matter of expense, but it's the first and Sunday paper, which usually takes time to pick him up while I'm at work, and it's not convenient because it's a Saturday when his dad takes a break, and it's Saturday when he says 25 in the morning.	labels:Unfortunately, since we also have a Saturday afternoon shift, so far only four of us have been working together.
text:I don't know, because his dad thought, after a long time, why didn't we go to the paper, and now he's going to have to study the old one, and now he's going to learn the old one, and he's going to have a hard time delivering rice street every day for two days, and then he's going to sign up over there?	labels:That way it is.
text:Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Miss?	labels:Where are you?
text:I'm a teacher at the University of Amerikai. You came here last week to test it. I'd like to ask which one of you is going to read if you're going to update the concept of sbs?	labels:I would like to read a positive reading of the new concept.
text:A pair of Wednesdays is set.	labels:They're not scheduled for that week, and it seems they're not going to be in school until next week, anyway.
text:Next week.	labels:That's what I'm asking. They're not out yet.
text:Because it's not the time you need for 1-4. After you've fixed the shift, I'll set the time for your shift. I'll hire you at your time. All right?	labels:I just wanted to ask you why you're so much more expensive than others.
text:I don't know if they run a class or a small class anywhere else, because we have about 10 people on our side.	labels:Because New East later I asked too.
text:As we know, the new East divides the words of the new concept into four stages, one at 2980, and does not know the price increases, because last year's prices, one at around $3,000, four at 12,000, are the same as us, but what do we call our words?I don't think so.The registration fee also includes teaching materials, as well as online operating costs, such as other educational institutions, because I understand that I know.	labels:Because if I ask him, he's talking about 20 or 20 subjects, and then what's his class called? 2980 pairs. 3,000 or so.
text:Yes, it's in four phases, which are exactly the same as us, and we're in it, which is very detailed, and we're not breaking the new concept into four phases, we're going from beginning to end, we're going to describe it in very systematic detail, and we're going to have an online operation, because I know it's not in any other educational institution, and this is in sync with our teaching materials, and if the cost of online work is in any case, you will wait six months.	labels:Hey, that's nice of you to say.
text:Six months of online work is 600, then 1,200 a year, and that's all for you, but other educational institutions, if they're working under the line, they're not working on the line, they're not working on the line, they're not going to do more than we are.I don't think so.And here we are, because, you know, we have class directors in every class, and we communicate regularly with parents about our children's studies, because other educational institutions may or may not be here.	labels:Because we have colleagues who read it on your side, and then I have questions.
text:So because I want to.	labels:You guys should be about that.
text:The price is certainly similar, and I can say that our value is certainly much higher than theirs.I don't think so.If you learn, um...	labels:I was advised to be in fourth grade, and they said that third grade kids were still too good, and their suggestion was to start reading the new concept after fourth grade.
text:What does fourth grade say, when you start fourth grade, maybe you start a new concept? These classes are what you learn in your school. Why are we promoting early learning for kids, because you're going to have a first grade, and you're going to have a second grade. If you're going to have a job interview or something, you're going to have to learn a lot more, including what you're going to learn, and if you're going to start a fourth grade, it's probably just as much as what's going on in your school, why are you going to go to school so late?	labels:So then I started to talk about it in my family, because he couldn't keep up, because we also had his third grade, which means he's tired, and the kids are really tired, and because we're a public school, and the school doesn't go up, and then we're probably tired, so we're talking about how we're going.
text:Like ours, the biggest kids start reading new concepts in the third grade, and in the fourth grade in the first year, they're definitely late.	labels:Four.
text:Yes, in fourth grade it's been a second time.I don't think so.Because, in the future, if you say you're going to go to a school of honour, like some of the test papers they're going to, including some of the subjects of the exam, you're already involved in junior high school knowledge, and if you're just saying that you're just going to go through the fourth grade, or you're going to the fifth grade, you're just going to finish half of the new concept, it's really simple, and it's not enough to deal with your future interviews.	labels:Okay, that's it. I'll wait for him to come out and see if it's okay.
text:I'll call you next week.	labels:It's almost possible to come out because their parents are asking about their own start-up, but the teacher says it's like college, but if everyone likes it.
text:All right, give me your answer as soon as it's settled, and I'll help you get your class out. Okay, that's it, uh, bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Your call is on the phone.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:The number you dial is not a local number.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:How much? 100,800, but no refunds. Hello, the number you're calling is on the phone.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:6:30, 6:30, right? 6:30 is right here. It's 20 weeks, that's 20 weeks, that's 40 weeks. Yes, 24 weeks.	labels:Hello, are you the parents? Yes, I'm the teacher of the Angry foreign language. If you call, I'd like to ask you about the middle-level interpreter. He didn't pass the exam. How many times do you know? 100127.5, 127.5.I don't think so.Okay, can you tell me which one of his teachers is? Because we're doing a class count here.
text:Can you ask me who your middle-level interpreter is? Young-young.	labels:Okay, I know. All right, well, I think it's a lot more difficult than a kid now because I saw him.I don't think so.Well, we'll do this again next year, and I don't think there's much to be done next year, because one call from the front, one student's previous exam, 112 last year's, like 147 this year, but he's slowly saying that there's no big problem next year.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, it's Ginger's mom, right? Hello. Can you hear me?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Buh.	labels:Is Ais for Wuchang's mom? Hello, project because of anlila.
text:Or I'll take the top warehouse, because there's two boxes of wrinkle, and I'll take two girls out? I think I'm gonna have to take this anyway.	labels:All right? All right. That's it.	episode_done:True
text:16,688,152,46139,61 in three promotions. Cancelled. Those two of us are full shifts. For me, that's me.	labels:Hi, Daddy Angel. I'm Mr. Lin, and we're talking about today's espresso class.
text:Today is.	labels:We did this Saturday, and we didn't add you to the micro-group, and we did.
text:I didn't see that.	labels:You didn't see that, did you?
text:Nana is so late, it's too late.	labels:It's too late. You can come next week, because this is the last month.
text:Port's reinforced.	labels:You signed up for the oral exam together. It's the right thing to do.
text:That means I've already paid all the fees, all of you.	labels:It's all included in the cost.
text:You already did, didn't you?I don't think so.That's right. He thinks it's the same time next week.	labels:He was given four times a week for two hours, then 6:30 to 8:30.
text:6:30-8:30, originally 6:00-8:30. Yeah, 6:30-8:30, yeah, that means six Saturday nights a week. Right. Okay, about four weeks in a row starting next week. Four weeks.	labels:I know, okay.
text:Okay. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hi, Mom. I'm Mr. Koo. I'm Mr. Ip. We'll start at 3:40 on the 18th of September, and I'll be able to raise two more for you. Let me help him in. Good friends will be able to understand better.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hi, I'm Ms. Wang Lizuki. Please help me with your name. Okay, I'm taking it because it's just my ears that don't care about Maddo. Dude, I think because my sister's brother was separated twice at a time, and I was asked to ask 20451 guys about the name of the girl who helped Xu-ming. So I'll split the background for him.I don't think so.Okay, so the last time he mentioned it, he told me I was paying $200 for it, and then he went to primary school and said it in grammar. Welcome, I'll give you a couple of moves, and the ears won't be able to do it, because that's enough. The farmers' isolation encourages you to make up for it. They used my ears to dry again, but the movement stopped calling the police.I don't think so.I am.
text:It's okay if you help someone.	labels:It's a good way to go. I'm 10 minutes away from the company's 793 housekeeping in the Maronite vault. All right, it's an old classroom.
text:The bottom seat makes us cry because one of us comes.	labels:My sister-in-law's crying brother-in-law sold this pair.
text:She's already a wife.	labels:It's the same for 4th brother, right? It's too late for all of us. Let's wait till I get it back. Let's ask the good guys.	episode_done:True
text:Ha-ha-ha-ha.	labels:That's a lot of money for 88 seconds, and I'm going to Washington twice today.
text:Thinking about letting him go, my favorite thing is that it's very expensive.	labels:You haven't seen it. I've been recommending you for so long.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, hello.	labels:I'm in the Wanda district. Let me ask you one thing. There's a Saturday notice class, which should be 9154817.
text:Class.	labels:A colleague's sprint starts on Saturday at 8.30 a.m. to 11.30 a.m.
text:There's something you can call the police, thank you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:We don't even have the right 3:30-6:00. Well, you'll have to see it when you get here. It's not the first time that the building is next to it. There's McDonald's under the building. Hello.	labels:Isn't it Chang-cheng's mother? I'm Miss Lee from Ally. You're right. We have a message from Mr. Lin in a letter about the lecture. Do you want to listen to the lecture?
text:When? Because I fell.	labels:Not looking closely? I suggest you listen to the lecture that's going to your domestic spouse. It's one-to-two-thirty on Saturday.
text:1:00 to 2:30, parents go in.	labels:Yeah, 'cause your kid's in class.I don't think so.That's right, because you're going to teach you a plan for later, because after your new reading, you're going to have to read a new second? And, as far as I know, he's going to be good in this class.
text:Okay, you're signing up, right? Right.	labels:Let me tell you, is it a good idea to hear it, yes, because this lecture is from the director of the new concept project, right? Yes, and one more thing, I'd like to ask you, is your child a new concept, a second time or this class, and then this time?
text:I think so, because he usually has other things to do.	labels:Because you're going to look at it, because your class is already full, and if you're sure you're going to follow it, you're going to have to give it up in advance, and then it's hard to get in.
text:We should keep it, because we should be the first to register.	labels:Yeah, if you just bring the cards together, I'll fix them for you.
text:Right.	labels:I didn't make you a 30,000 VIP card.
text:Yeah, I'll find you somewhere, 'cause I don't know where you're at.	labels:The Pudong Food City Bar is where the East Lodge used to be.
text:I know.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Dad.	labels:Mom.
text:Hi, I'm sorry, because I'm not sure, but can you wait until tomorrow? Are you sure you're going to turn? Or are you sure you're going to turn?I don't think so.It's okay, because he hasn't fixed one, and he's probably not sure, so it's okay, so I'll have him set me up tomorrow.I don't think so.Now that you're in class, we'll add it to the micro-message. Okay, I'll add your micro-mail, and I'll find your cell number. Right? You sent my micro-signer to my CF and added my cell phone number? Yeah, plus my cell phone, okay, I know, I'll add you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lin Wei-woo. It's a big deal. You're on the opposite side. I'm sorry.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is this Wang Jia Yi's parent? I'm here to speak to Ally's teacher. Yes, I'm sorry to bother you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Buh. Mom, it's Angel. Hi, you know, we're set for class. September 18th, then Friday 3:40 is the same.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I don't have it. I've got to sew a Harvard pair of pants. If you don't, then you can go outside.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:150.	labels:Don Dynasty. Put it in.
text:Who knows.	labels:Hello, Miss Chan? I'm a foreign language teacher. I'd like to know if there's anything else you need from the English course you've been consulting with your children.	episode_done:True
text:This business calls cost $0.2 per minute.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:But you're here this Saturday about the first class of overtime, and then you start because at the end of October, if you can't do it, those two classes will collapse. Then you talk to his parents about how you're going to report the scores on the news, or whether you're going to add them because you're paying for them?	labels:Hi, it's Mu Yiqing's mom. I'm a foreign language teacher.
text:Where's your teacher? ALEX.	labels:Are you still studying grammar here? Right? Because he didn't come on leave last time?I don't think so.Okay, well, let's do a regular round-up with you, so the kid's going to class three or three, because class four hasn't yet arrived, so what do you say?
text:If you don't go to school last time, what do you want to make up for it or what, if you don't pay back? Or what?	labels:If you don't, you can charge for it at the back when you sign up, and then the hours before you, they're not yours.
text:I said no more.	labels:You don't want to do that? Yes, and so on, he should have received both of the first two notes. From both, it's probably bigger, probably not prepared for the first time, and 95 points for the second time.
text:Okay, yeah.	labels:And the other one is, what do you learn now?
text:Are you a teacher or a teacher?	labels:I'm the consultant teacher at the front.
text:The consultant teacher's right in front.	labels:Make a regular return visit, ask the kid.
text:Studying the situation, but it's like he feels like a normal, um, feeling.	labels:Isn't it common? Is the teacher's knowledge clear?
text:Why don't you ask him not to tell you? Okay, look.I don't think so.This teacher.	labels:Hey, you didn't listen? Yes, are you doing your homework? Yes, you're a little tired. Let me ask you, how do you feel when you're studying grammar on Anley's side?
text:It's okay, isn't it?	labels:Yes, if you're okay, tell this teacher if there's anything wrong with learning, okay? Do you know what he's talking about? Can you understand? It's basic.
text:Understood.	labels:Do you think there's anything, uh, a place to talk to me, because there's two teachers that we're all answering right now.
text:Teacher, right? I used to.	labels:Mr. Lee contacted you, didn't he?
text:Yes.	labels:What opinion or something to say.
text:Because the child's words as a whole are on our side.I don't think so.Therefore, courses are scheduled for the time being.	labels:No? Okay, well, you can just follow this class.I don't think so.And the other one, if I look at you in this class, is it normal to talk about grammar later, it's supposed to be reading and writing, because when you're done, it's a cold break. Is there a plan for your winter break?I don't think so.Not yet? Are you going to take lessons on your winter break, or are you going to take a break? I don't know for a while. No, you don't have to be nervous. I'm just asking you a regular question about your studies.I don't think so.There's another lecture we'll have on Saturday that we'll study in English. Do you have time for Saturday? There's no time for Saturday? Okay, you're in the first three. I'm in the second two? Yes, what are you going to do behind you?
text:Yes. Not yet.	labels:Not yet? Yes, because we have a taboo. Have you ever had sex?
text:No, I don't think so.	labels:There's an opening and there's a lecture on studying abroad. Would you like to come?
text:When was it?	labels:On Sundays, one starts at 1:30, the other starts at 3:30 and you see which one you're playing?
text:This.	labels:Ask my mom. You give her the phone and I'll ask him to watch.
text:Hello.	labels:There's no mother, right? I just asked him if he's a little embarrassed or something. It's normal for both teachers to come back, because there are times when the teacher doesn't go to work or what, I'll come back. Just ask about one of the children's studies, and one of them.I don't think so.We have a lecture on Saturdays and Sundays about English studies, so I'd like to ask if you have time to come and listen.
text:You.	labels:Did you just ask him? Did you just ask him?
text:Does he want to hear it?	labels:He said it was up to you to decide, one for the basic interpreter and one for the little Tofu, one for Mr. Zhao Lin and one for you.
text:If you don't want to take a note later, I'll remember the time. I'll take a look at it. Okay, wait a minute.	labels:Mr. Zhao Ning from 1:30 to 2.30 p.m. on Sunday, Mr. Zhao Ning from 1:30 to 2.30 p.m.
text:Seven and Little Tofford. Anything else?	labels:There is also a home-grown course on studying abroad, which is between 3:30 and 4.30 per cent on Sundays and both on Sundays.I don't think so.You don't have time for Saturday, do you?
text:We told you he didn't have time? Yeah, he said he didn't have time. Yeah, he might have made his own arrangements.	labels:Ain't that why you're here?
text:Right.	labels:Both teachers were very good at learning something about English.
text:Okay? Okay. If we want to come, just come.	labels:If you're sure, you can just call me and say it. Okay, you know what? Or you can go straight to my grammar class on Friday night. We can go straight to Ethel, or Ethel Lee.
text:Say you're in the group too? I don't know, yeah.	labels:Because now that we start in October, all classes are visited together by two teachers, so that one of us doesn't miss any of the students, right?
text:Okay, what's your name? I don't know. I don't know. My last name is Wang.	labels:Well, if you're sure you're asking him, let's say you're going to the lecture, and tell Mr. Lee the same thing, yes.
text:Okay, I'll ask him.	labels:All right, that's it. Good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:- Hello.	labels:I'd like to ask you something to look at. It's amazing. God, what's Mr. Shaw's class now?
text:Can I see if you're a cadets here?	labels:That's right, because when I went to class 72, I had a little pause, and I wanted to insert Mr. Shaw in the class. Okay.
text:I'll check it out later.I don't think so.It's only September 3rd, it's top 29.	labels:Mr. Shaw isn't 3:30.
text:A new set of concepts, huh? I thought a new set of concepts.	labels:Two I think one.
text:46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46, 46,	labels:Forty-six, then 72 grams.
text:Wait a minute, because he talks about 3-4 classes a week, probably for a while. Thank you very much. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lin Wanyu, Wang Li? Hello, I called before summer and said I wanted to report a new concept, then a new concept. Have you read more than 40 lessons or progress?	labels:Forty, right? Let's see. 40 grams has one up to 50 grams.
text:50 grams, right?	labels:There's 30 grams, there's another 40 grams, and there's 30 grams.
text:Thirty grams is a Sunday.	labels:Sunday, 3.30 - 6 p.m.
text:3:30-6:00, right? That's okay. Does he start this week?	labels:Your Sunday classes have been changed to Friday, but if you want to come to Friday, you will come to Friday.
text:Friday's probably not available. I know, but next week's normal Sunday, right?	labels:That's right, it's starting from 30, it's a good grammar.
text:I'm trying to get 30 classes that seem right. I'm just starting the education law, and now there's a few people in this class.	labels:Five classes.
text:Five, right? That's okay. I'll come either directly or next week.	labels:Why don't you just come in? Okay? Did you call here before to leave a child's name?
text:What's your name?	labels:Van Naking.
text:How is it written? The model is the father of the child, the forest is the word, the two trees below.	labels:Fan Zonglin, right?
text:I've been here before.	labels:Which teacher did you meet?
text:There used to be one called Mr. Wu, the man.	labels:A long, long time ago.
text:But it's like last year, but I'm here this year, and I've been here once, but I didn't leave a name. Before the summer, I asked him, like he said, to get me about 30 or 40 grams after the summer.	labels:You came by yourself, didn't you?
text:Yes, because I was studying next door.	labels:All right, if you leave a call back, 1360136016674899. 4899, you know the address. Next Sunday.
text:Next Sunday or so.	labels:I'll let you know when I get there, okay?
text:Okay, good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:The number you're calling.
text:Is that Karen's mom? Wait a minute. Kama, Mom. Hi. Hi.I don't think so.No, you're going to give him the fall shift, because we're going to start a new shift on Friday, starting from the beginning.	labels:Start from the beginning.
text:Yeah, after the next semester, right?	labels:What?
text:There's always iron pants on the street, we're 70 years old, and Li gave him spare parts. You don't have a lot of CDs, and Cd's not right.	labels:I think it's like you're just going out and you're helping me out with the pain.
text:What are you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing?	labels:Who's got it?
text:Li Bong Lee wants to do five things. Mom's probably brother because he said it would be better if he took one of the things he needed to help you with and I just suggested to his little friend to do a test.I don't think so.That's how long it's going to be.I don't think so.Three.	labels:Every week.
text:Minzhou and my son just don't get it? It's like learning the whole background light. Yeah. It's cool. You do a light.I don't think so.How many guys can do that? Okay, out.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Right, Mr. Ting? Hello, Mr. Ting? I'm Mr. Wu of the 800-cent school district of Angry Foreign Language.I don't think so.Hi, Timko reported on a Tofu basic course, right?I don't think so.Yes, it started on October 17th, because there's a typhoon on the Fourth of October, and we're going to work two weeks later, and we're going to start on October 31st. You know what, Mom? The teacher told you. I'll tell you later anyway. On October 31st, I'll call again. Okay, bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Do you want me to read it? Do you want me to hear it? Is it Xu Yang's mom? Yes, I'm on the 8 million campus in English?I don't think so.Yes, and that's it, and I can't add your cell number. I'm not opening it. If you don't add my micro-mails, will you please remember it now? 135. 135. 135644242909007 for Yavonne, I'm the teacher of Iyang ' s class because I'm going to take my mom to the group, and I'm going to give you information about some homework. Okay, you add me. Thank you, bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:If I pass the kid's wish to come over and read grammar, I'll take it off without saying anything the other time. Right?	labels:Hello, is Liu Jing-sik's parents? I'm here to teach Aung-li. Did I ask him about this year's mid-level interpreter's written exam?
text:How many scores did you get?I don't think so.Looks like 186,866.	labels:Do you remember if he had a single score? How much is his hearing?
text:I don't know.	labels:I guess you remember? No.
text:Because he's himself.	labels:And I'd like to ask him if he'd like to go to the top. If we do this, we'll get them on a list of good students, and then we'll put them up on the Australian side. Would he?
text:What's going to happen?	labels:If he doesn't have that information, how many points does he get down, and then he's ranked the number one?
text:He's still doing it.	labels:Now he'll have a few people I'm looking for, and then the highest is 205, and not yet a little more than 190 points.
text:How much?	labels:190 points or so.
text:Don't worry about it.	labels:The rest is pretty high.
text:Isn't that right?	labels:And I want to ask him how old he is. He's a senior, right? He's a senior, right? Then he's going to go to a high school.
text:What do you need to do now? It's not an investigation.	labels:We are doing statistics on the results of the written examinations of all mid-level interpreters this year, followed by information on grade and learning cancellations.
text:Are we done with the grades now?	labels:I want to know his school.I don't think so.Yeah, and there's something else to talk to you about, Mom. Didn't he take the written exam? Are you going to take the exam this year or when?
text:How's the intensive class going? How's the excellent class going?	labels:In the case of intensive classes, the week next week will be 3000 dollars, four times, then 12 hours, then for this year's examination. The prize class will be held in December, for the next May examination, which will be 14 weeks, and then 3035 hours.I don't think so.Yes, you were in the Golden Class.
text:That's what the Golden Class says.	labels:1214 weeks of that kind.
text:14 weeks, then what time to class.	labels:I'll show you.I don't think so.It was Saturday, 5 December, 6:30-9 p.m., 5 December.
text:Saturday at 5:30 p.m. 6:30-9:00 p.m. The night is right, until 9:30, two and a half hours.	labels:What do you mean, then?
text:You mean 14 weeks for every week? It starts on December 5. Right, up to May next year. Right, so what's the date of the exam?	labels:Until about March next year. The test should be about mid-May.
text:Mid-May.I don't think so.So what's the name of one you just said? And what's the name of the class.	labels:Intensive classes. This is for the test. Four classes. This should start this week, and you're going to take the exam around mid-November.
text:How? At what time?	labels:Let me see. Sunday at 1:00 a.m. per week.
text:Only four times. Right.	labels:Or Saturday at 8:30 to 11.30.
text:What time is the 8th year of the 6th year?	labels:One Sunday was last week, and Saturday is not until this week.
text:It's like I can't report it, right?	labels:There's nothing to report, Saturday's.
text:Sunday.	labels:So there's a class. Sunday. Sunday's 1:00.
text:What's the start of the class?	labels:Saturday's the week. What's the date? October 17th.
text:October 17th, October 17th. It's Sunday, right?	labels:The 17th is Saturday, the 18th is Sunday.
text:What's today?	labels:No. No. 15 today.
text:Number 15 equals your 17th class.I don't think so.It's a week, isn't it? It's already been a week on Sunday. It's only a month. What's the difference between 12 and 14 times?	labels:There's gonna be a difference. One's a regular class, one's an intensive class.
text:Okay, I can't report on Sunday.	labels:Right? You can report on Sunday, but you can only make up for the first lesson.
text:What time is it?	labels:Saturday's over.
text:That's 8:30.I don't think so.Yeah, and then what's the time of the exam?	labels:By mid-November, it will be ready by tomorrow, 16 November, and then by mid-November, it should be.
text:If we're going to report, we're going to have to pay back the fees, aren't we?	labels:You don't have to pay for it. This class is 3,000, and you paid 3100.
text:The intensive classes, as a matter of fact, are the same as our fees. They are the same.	labels:Right? If it's expensive, it'll be cheaper. It's 3,000.
text:It's 3000. Six-six, I'll talk to him about it, see what I can do.	labels:You talk to him, and if there's anything else, you'll have to hit the plane again.
text:Okay.	labels:All right, good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:You know, we came here on September 20th last month to test Little Tofu, and I only learned yesterday that the kid gave me a handy note from old Tofu on the day of the exam, but didn't give it to me, and I wanted to ask if I could find it.	labels:Which teacher would you give it to, do you remember?
text:I don't know which teacher, because we're not the 800-cent campus, we're the Upper South campus.	labels:Go to South campus, huh?I don't think so.Right.
text:One of the reinforcements of a small Tofu class is the smaller one.	labels:Special reinforcements, huh?
text:It's a lecture.	labels:That's because many of their teachers aren't at work today. Tell me about it. I'll ask them tomorrow and I'll come back to you. I'll tell you tomorrow.
text:All right.	labels:Tell me the name of the child and your contact details.
text:The contact is a cell phone, and the kid is called Zhang Ko-sin.	labels:Chang, but...
text:Cute can, Xin is appreciative of Xin.	labels:You like Xin, don't you?I don't think so.Yeah, well, that means you.
text:I don't know if a child has written his or her name. It's a lecture. It's a lecture.	labels:I'll call you back tomorrow. You don't have to say good-bye.
text:3 p.m.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Okay, that was a better hydraulic plan, okay?	labels:Hi, it's Chen's parents. Yes, I'm a teacher in English. You didn't check your kid's grades this time?
text:Check.	labels:Right? We'll do a round-up. How many points did you get?
text:165.	labels:165 Pass individual scores for each section. What are the scores for hearing reading and translation, respectively?
text:I'm up there and I might want to look at the mail. Yeah, I can't remember.	labels:Okay, one more thing. Will there be any plans for you to participate in the oral test this year? Because it's also in the middle, it's on October 16th, and it's online.
text:The one on October 16th, right?	labels:It's only in two days.
text:About when.	labels:He's 11.
text:It's November, isn't it?	labels:He's signed up for a week, so you can keep an eye on this time node. Will you take the exam this year?
text:I asked Chen if he wanted to take the oral exam in November. We could sign up on the 16th, and he did it in the morning.	labels:That's right. Yes. And if we're going to do that, you can actually take that training for the first time. I see you had a Chinese oral test class before, right? That's supposed to have a class in December, but we're going to have an intensive course before that.I don't think so.Are you planning on training before the exam?
text:That's the number and number and the training time.	labels:He's a week before the exam. Four weeks before the exam, a total of 34 times.
text:What day does that say?	labels:There are two periods on Saturdays and Sundays, depending on which one of you is more appropriate.
text:Am I right? I'll be with Chen Huai Yi, because he'll be in German for a day on Saturday? Then they'll be in high school and they'll all be nervous and sleep late every night.I don't think so.I'm like, when I'm on the weekend, he's gonna put it on, and he's gonna put it on, and then when does this shift start?	labels:Saturdays and Sundays are the first, Saturdays are morning classes, 8:30 to 11.30, and Sundays are 1 - 4 p.m., and you have a better time.
text:Yeah, yeah. Okay, I'll ask Chen if he's satisfied.	labels:Okay. Okay, you ask him, okay? Okay, well, bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Okay, no, I'm Mr. Chan and I'm the children's teacher. For college students, take a good look. Bye-bye.	labels:Hello, who's the mother? I'm a foreign language teacher. Do you want to know if the kid's grades for this final exam have been checked? Not yet, it's been checked since yesterday. Can you check it out? Okay, because if you pass, you can sign up for the oral exam on October 16th. Okay?	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mr. Chu? Yes, I'm in D'Annry-speaking Daffo campus. I'd like to ask you a question when I have a visit.	labels:Right.
text:Still studying in Infu?	labels:He's still studying in Switzerland.
text:Is it still in Reeth? Was it in Infu? Is it in Reece now or is it in spoken language? Yes, I'd like to ask you, because we speak foreign language, and you learn English because we speak English.	labels:If we're profitable, we'll have a wife, and we'll just teach you how to get into Harvard.
text:It's on, isn't it?	labels:It's probably just as simple as the little class, i.e. the ability to copy and collide with Liu Gun-hung-hwan, was already given to him.
text:It's Jokosin's dad.I don't think so.I'm sorry, 'cause my mom's got something to do with my mom, but it's just to help you get the morning light off the lightboard.	labels:It's Sunday. I'm afraid I'll write Sunday. When's the wife?
text:Not for four or five days. Nama Tuesdays, like Tuesdays, like 5-7:00 after school.	labels:It's 5-5:00, isn't it?
text:No Tuesday feedback.	labels:On Tuesday at 5 p.m. - 7 p.m.
text:It's not five days in the morning, it's only about two months away, it's that time, because if you go up, you're going to start with 2b, right?	labels:Is it like we're all done here?
text:Well, let me tell you, I don't know if it's okay for kids to go to the sbs class, because we're going to the sbs class because he's supposed to be in the second half of his life.	labels:No, he just got to a primary school.
text:He's just in the first grade, right? And after the first grade, Harvard would be better for him, because I'm SB.	labels:Now, when is the fastest time you're going to schedule this class, probably because the longer it takes to get on the horse, the more it's supposed to be, the sooner it's supposed to be, right?I don't think so.Because, after all, both sides are up, and if it's up to it, too.
text:If it's on both sides of Inverris, which means if it's on Tuesday, I'm here to say you can come now, and I'm here to say hi to the teacher, so you can come early, because he's still Miss Liu.	labels:It's like 2a, isn't it?
text:Yeah, and then it's bound to go to 2b school.	labels:Tuesday, huh?I don't think so.Tuesday's right.
text:If you can, can you come over after the Fourth of July?	labels:5 ~7 p.m.
text:Two hours, right.	labels:Ben's little friend.
text:You need to talk to me. You need to talk to me.	labels:Because for example, I'm coming next week, and I'm telling you, you can start next week.
text:Yeah, but next week, because this class is now two kids, and then because they're probably not going out next week, you have to tell me before you come.	labels:Now two now.
text:Two kids are right, so there's a lot of people in this class.	labels:Okay, I'll make sure you're in touch with my wife.
text:There are some with a micro-letter, yes.	labels:All right, all right.
text:I'll be in touch. Okay, bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Li Wan-yu.	labels:That's also the case.
text:No, it's not.	labels:Miss Li Shau Bai of the final exam? How did you experience it?
text:The few young Meng Zi Li can be found on the white white official's web site.	labels:Okay, I'll see it first.
text:Okay, some more, you go find this teacher, he's a fine teacher, he's our golden key teacher. The gold key is right, it's always been open. You can go to People's Square, you can check the website. This teacher is very good, right?I don't think so.Okay, thank you. Is there anything else? No, why don't you check it out first? Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is Mr. Kwok here? He's mostly on the phone. Why don't you call later? Okay, thank you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Roll around. Can you roll around? What time are you rolling around? Where am I going to go later? Do you dig? Don't wake up. Come back.I don't think so.At 1:30, I'm going to make a phone call with Ling Xiang immediately. Yes, and then it's not going to speed up, it's going to be the most beautiful, and then your best-looking teacher won't get through to anything.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh...	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is this Wang Wei-jin's parent? Yes, I'm a foreign language teacher.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hello, I'm here.
text:Goldbridge's.	labels:I'd like to ask if there's a phone call from the class chief over there. I'd like to ask about their class schedule.
text:The class chief's phone line is not ready because we've just moved in.	labels:Why don't you ask me something?
text:What class are you looking at?	labels:Well, we have a trainee who wants to base his hearing on the interpreter for the second time.
text:For the second time, she won't talk to him or talk to him.I don't think so.I'll show you later. I'll tell you what's going on.	labels:He wants the hearing stage.
text:Is the hearing heart starting?	labels:On hearing for the second time.
text:For the second time today, we have a Friday night at 6:30-9 p.m.	labels:When's class?
text:On Friday, 6:30-9 p.m., we've already had one class.	labels:It's just this week, right?
text:He's here to make it up. Is that the only lesson he's taking?	labels:He only did it once, and he's missing the second time, and now he's going to go for the fourth time, and he wants to make up for it, or he can't keep up with the rest of the class, can he?
text:What's your class's name?	labels:Chen Fenghan. Which peak? The wind of the wind, the sweat is the sweat of the sweat.
text:The wind of the wind, the sweat of the sweat.I don't think so.And then you leave one on the phone, because the watch I got here might sometimes be delayed, and he might go to lesson three, and it's only been updated for us a week after the end of the week.	labels:It could be the second time it's over, yeah.
text:So I'm here to make sure of it.	labels:Then I'll give you his 135640.
text:135640.	labels:And then 155175, huh?
text:Well, if I'm sure this is the second class this week, I'll call him to come over.	labels:Okay, or do I have to call him and tell him one more thing?
text:I'll call him later, okay?	labels:Thank you, bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hey, is that the little fool? Where are you waiting for me?	labels:You're good in class, yeah. A little wave's in your hall.
text:Darting inside. Good-bye, thank you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:Ok they must have fed the analysis for three days and I forgot something. What grade is he? Which school are you from? Zhang Jiang? Yes, I know. Thank you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:The number you have dialed cannot be reached for the time being.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Hello.	labels:Miss Lau? Hello, hello, hello. I'm speaking English, so would you like to know if your little friend is attending some English tutorials?
text:Nothing, huh?	labels:He's in high school now, isn't he?
text:Not for the time being, because it's a foreign language school, and it's bilingual, so that's okay?	labels:Sorry to bother you, it's okay. Bye.	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:All right? Please say yes. Yes.	labels:Yes, let me ask Mr. Chow. Have you?
text:Zhou Xiao Xiao.	labels:A daughter of Emily.
text:We're going to scan Zhou Ying, farmers.	labels:I'm Golden Dream's parents.
text:Well, these two are just falling together, just because they're like having no roots in a job transfer, on a scale of 1 to 3.75.	labels:But I can do it now, and I'm probably out of educational stability, and you're two more bs.
text:Excuse me for a moment.I don't think so.Hobelle, you said that.	labels:You've said more than two times and you've reported more sbs, and that's just as much for you.I don't think so.I also have a question about you coming there, because you've been doing what you've been trying to do at your school lately, and you've been listening to, listening to, learning how to read and learning, Longman is in good English.I don't think so.I've just been communicating with the porters and I'm the new music writer.
text:I know what that means.	labels:Now, the foam man is basically just checking out an outdoor supply to go to the drink office, so what's paid for, because the headmaster, like a cell phone, would have preferred to be close to the sbs for two years, so I'd like to ask you, because I've got the equivalent of a lot of first floor starters, and you've signed up for two 95 sbs so I'm worried if I'm just coming with us.
text:The five onions.	labels:I don't call it "Five Onions", but I think African beef soup is more than me for an hour. I'd like to ask, but it has nothing to do with me just now.
text:I think I'll be able to do it slowly. If it's convenient for the parents, I'll just ask for the student.	labels:You can't ask for an education, can you?
text:I don't care, you can have a happy education.	labels:I hope there is one that can or should be requested.
text:If there's a request for a food project worker to sell the marketing measures, then I can do it for the students, for example, if it's done, and I can do it here, because there's no difference between me and the parent student department.I don't think so.So it's like five years, five years, first 199 days, and five years of agricultural gold, and some of them are already reading.	labels:I don't have a problem with that. When you've been doing it for the last three or five years, I may have been thinking about what I meant just now, but I've been with the sbs two times, so that I'm going to do the sbs, and I'm not going to give it to you first. I understand that, because I didn't have insurance for you, because I think I've been thinking that the results of the new machine are just as good as those of the sbs, and that's how far I can actually give you the Sbs if I need to go.
text:One thing is that it's 50%, and I'm going to go to the point where you want the text to be implemented.	labels:You just heard me do two or seven bits after four or four, and you thought I couldn't listen all day.
text:I know what you mean.I don't think so.It's like a sbs Lee's shirt to Wei, and that's you. It's two bs, right? There's a natural spelling on both sides of the three, but I'm calling high.	labels:You can pour it.
text:Right? Where am I calling you? To start with the ABC, to start with the female spelling, to do all kinds of natural spellings and notes with the cadres, other things. And, for example, to do a little more than two, so that I'm starting to get a hard-on for two people, and I'm not talking about the need for trust and accountability, it's not about everything, two idealities like a question, and there are many kinds of questions, so it's possible that the farmer's little Li, who sells and sells a guy, so that he's just here, and why is Sbs more classic?I don't think so.Because the sbs actually feel like they're one or two or three years old, don't they?I don't think so.So Alaskan, Sbis12 and 493, when it comes to the true syntax, he's going to stop and let the child have the language structure you need, but I think it's easy for you to say that you're working as a teacher, because I'm supposed to be working as an ordinary social security worker, and why is it so easy for Alaska to say that it's not really working, that it's just something that you don't teach?	labels:I'll tell you one thing, he thinks because this package is based on the principle of scenario teaching, a scenario teaching method, because there's no business digging, what does that mean?I don't think so.Situational teaching.
text:So, if a communication initiative, such as a foreign-teaching video course with an ad, is like a simulation, like a conversation or a simulation of a story, let the child speak or teach, then food is good enough for you to go to a new neighborhood.I don't think so.But if farming is supposed to tell you, I say you can't listen.	labels:I'm just saying that just two sides, and that's what the sbs are doing with this door.
text:Sbs hit me for a second and it won't be impulsive.	labels:Can you just hold it here or something like that, just on the other side of the TV, and I'm not gonna be able to do this on the other side of the TV.
text:Sbs are both two things that I told you, if Ryugong could say something like other aids, it'd be different from the Wegen Dragon Island, which is, uh, sbs is an extension of the vocabulary, why?I don't think so.Because I need your opinion to be less, and I'm not going to intervene right now.	labels:I'll be in two days or two at any time.
text:If it's a small job in the West, right?	labels:Not at all.
text:I bet twice, I bet naked, but it's the simplest word in 2,000.	labels:I'm sure there's something in common. I've had more than two issues of comment in rural areas and more than one. I'm in the middle of an integration, right?
text:It's a piece.	labels:And don't.
text:Because s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s-s.	labels:Big baby has more than two and a half cars, isn't there two more?
text:Two-and-a-half years old doesn't mean everything's said to me.	labels:So there's a supplement to 15 of these on the farm, that's what it means.
text:Yes, that's right.	labels:Hong Kong can be low.
text:What I've just handed over to you is like the one who just wanted to have a unit to fuck that Cambridge thing, like the one in this school or the one in the new century.	labels:You are raising your values, developing your ability to use English with students, learning not only the norms, but also the ethos of the English-speaking countries.
text:So it's kind of a living thing, which means, for example, that Allah is like an American language textbook because Alag has other communications, like a blue disagreement reading.	labels:Brother Lung, did Sbs just mean Vince?
text:Sbs, it's about hearing and talking, and you just told me it's about trying.	labels:Yeah, it can be. Yeah.
text:And then you're going to mix it up with the giants.	labels:That's what I'm talking about, isn't it?
text:So what's good is not necessarily English, because it's been waiting for Shanghai.	labels:I think there's a little bit of a contradiction with me, and I wonder if there's, for example, more than two SBs.
text:It's possible I'm above you to give you my heart.	labels:I just might have taken it and got to the sbs on both sides, so I can't do it in the city, right?I don't think so.If there's any more money in this city, I'll give it to you first, because I'm calling more now.
text:It's all Wednesdays, when I come to you like three or four times a week in English, right?	labels:It doesn't work anyway, does it?I don't think so.Here you go.
text:Because these young men don't understand this, they're just two years old in the first grade, because I'm a parent, I'm a parent, and I'm older than who I'm just getting, because there are more parents everywhere who export white, for example, English white, language white, including mathematics.I don't think so.I don't know anything about the four smells in the countryside.	labels:Helping your son is good because I've been here a few times in two days, and you've got five teachers on your back to protect you?
text:With agriculture and technology at its head, the Arabs of Mount Ali are like a hundred, and now please be able to spend 15 minutes in real debt with little insurance.	labels:Do you have anything to do with both sides?
text:Two or two SB Sbs have just been connected, and maybe two have just been sold, not the teacher's.	labels:And not the teacher.I don't think so.It can be transferred and it can be modified over time.
text:The only way to get in touch on both sides is to make him interested in getting in touch with these things, to log on to the sbs class, which you think is a little more networked and less games.	labels:All right, I know.
text:It's okay.	labels:So agriculture is going to have more SBs this year.
text:Business can't be measured too much.	labels:You're out yeah.
text:dhv.	labels:Even if it means anything to us, I'll give it to your mother first.
text:Here you go. You're not right about the two sbs, you're right, okay, it's okay.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Ms. Cao? Mr. Wang, I've been in touch with you before. How are you thinking about the new concept? Do you need any more?	labels:Not for the time being. I need to get back to you, okay?
text:Did you say you thought it was going well or something?I don't think so.Okay, here's the thing. If you want, I can arrange an audition and let the kids feel the classroom.	labels:You think it's okay? I'll see you on Saturdays or Sundays, okay?
text:Yes, Saturday, if you have time, I'll call you on Friday. Okay, bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Is it true that I love him as a good mother? That's why I'm looking for someone else to dress up, and next year you're going to take a basic investment course? We'll do this before we do it. We'll start at 12:30 on the 18th of October of the 12th day. Okay, we're in Ting. You know, you're only 601 of Jiangyang Road.	labels:No, it's the parents of Xiang's little friend, isn't it?I don't think so.Hi, I'm Only's teacher. Hi, I'm sorry to call you this week, but I'm sorry to have to wait a week later, and I'm going to have to wait for October 24 next week, okay? Thank you very much.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, hello, hello.	labels:One of the mothers asked him, he said that Saturday classes were going to go to Sunday. Yes, I could wait for him. I'll just listen, okay. I'm sorry, I'm sorry to say, because I'm back in the army thinking about coming to the harbor.
text:The table's slow.	labels:Right.
text:Wait a minute, because there's a small class with a Li Baro, because one of your sections has come up with a proposal and has been buying money since then, and the Melo side of the Arabian Gorge is a free zone, and the free zone has just been given a gift bag for the first time, and I've been there.	labels:You have to sleep at all.
text:I might have to give it a little notice, maybe Sunday, so I can pick up a Sunday question.	labels:At the end of the day, my son's got to go, right?I don't think so.I'll be dead anyway. You're doing it anyway. I'll wait for the teacher to tell me I'm done.
text:The teacher said we'd make sure again because of Saturday's feedback.	labels:And now I'm on a part-time job, but I'm gonna take my bulova and I'm gonna take it.
text:But I make it 10 miles, 8th floor because if I just throw it away, they're not allowed to last Sunday, and my brother's family can be at home for 10 weeks.	labels:I'll pull it out anyway. I told you, I'll pull it out again, okay? I said where? So I thought I'd wrap it up. I've got it. Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Hee-woo. I'd like to ask what's wrong with Lee. Who can help me? Who's the mother? I've been here before. Okay, I'll wake him up. Okay, that's what Mom did.	labels:Hello.
text:I thought about consulting. May I ask if there's any new development in your Chinese grammar?	labels:Sometimes it's just a class, it's just last week, it's a part.
text:What time is it?	labels:It's like 9-11.30 a.m. on Sunday morning.
text:Time. There's no other time.	labels:Who's your mother?
text:Sae-hye?	labels:Xu Tse Wai Mom. I know.I don't think so.You're still a book, I remember when I said yes.
text:We're in the first two.	labels:How about you, Haru? You let him go to three classes, and then you're in grammar class.
text:That's three.	labels:First letter is empty for reading and writing.
text:Read it? Yeah. When's the shift?	labels:This week's work starts. No, last week was the first class. Let me take a look. Let me see if last week was the first class or whether it was the new one this week.
text:Count it up.	labels:The first lesson of last week's new class is 3:30 to 18:00.
text:It's a Sunday?I don't think so.Sunday.	labels:Yeah, I think you said this was the right time, but you wanted to be in grammar, right?
text:3 p.m.	labels:3.30 - 6 p.m.
text:From 3.30 p.m. to Sunday? It was a little tight this morning, but still.I don't think so.All right, let me think about 3:30 to 18:00. Now it's just one class and a lesson.	labels:Yeah, last week, I took a class.
text:Not a few classes 24 times.I don't think so.There'll be a new class after how long you'll be.	labels:It's like this. The new class is three credits, then a new grammar class. After a video class, it's a rolling shift, but it won't happen if you let me start a new class in November or December.
text:You're going to say this class is going to be in mid-March next year. Twenty-four classes. Yes.	labels:Here's what I suggest. You bring the kid here. If he thinks he can keep up with you, you can start with three classes, and then you put your grammar on the winter vacation area, because the grammar itself, for you and your second-class students, is a summary.
text:Actually, he's in the wrap-up class because he wants to.	labels:But the syntax of the three points may not be that detailed, because the point is, is it inappropriate to say that you're on Sunday morning?
text:Or is it Sunday morning?	labels:9 ~ 11.30.
text:Nine to eleven and two and a half hours. Two and a half nine to 11.	labels:No budget is 20 times.
text:It's about time, isn't it? It's Saturday.	labels:Saturday's class is a little too early. September 12th is supposed to be the 56th class. Yes, if you think it's possible, it's two options. You can say it's with a child. You can bring him up here, if you think he can keep up with you. Saturday and Friday.
text:There's a way to make it up to this class.	labels:Yeah, so I'm going to set you up with two options, one that can be made up, which is that it may have to be made up by Sunday or by winter break, because it has to be arranged for you.I don't think so.The second one, if he can keep up, if it's okay, is if it's a charge, and I can cut it off.I don't think so.It's a matter of his own because he's a school, isn't it? What school is it?
text:We've done one here before.	labels:You're going to tell the interpreter before the oral test, and you're not going to tell me what time it is or what it is you're going to tell me.
text:You're giving me time now, aren't you? There's a shift on Saturday.	labels:Saturday is an early day, starting on the 12th of September, and may have been taught four or five times.
text:One more time for that.I don't think so.Okay, I'll think about it, okay.	labels:If you don't, we'll move.
text:There's a place now.	labels:I can arrange for you to be in a position where there are probably more than 10 people in each class.I don't think so.I'm gonna give you a hand with that. If you try somewhere, you tell me.I don't think so.A second word.
text:We changed the address. Where are you?	labels:This is your cell number, isn't it? 185217906690, right?
text:I stayed while.	labels:Tell me, which cell number did you leave?
text:370137019393939991971340939197.	labels:1370193919791979.
text:13701939197 was seen.	labels:I'll send you the address number. We're at Kowloon's place in Pudong's food city.
text:So where's the old bean?	labels:Right? What way?I don't think so.It's 601 Zhangyang Road.
text:Zhang Yang's way around.	labels:You know the first video town? There's a regular food town behind him, right?
text:Right.	labels:And then the General Food City Wine Building is Pudong Food City.
text:Third floor.	labels:This building is facing it, selling it on top of it.
text:That's a lot of ordinary food.	labels:I think it might be me.
text:If it's settled, I'll talk to you again, yes.	labels:My last name is Lee.
text:If I come by Sunday, can I get in touch with you on Saturday? Yes.	labels:You'd better confirm with me on Friday, because we still have a lecture on Saturday, and maybe there'll be a little more on these two days.I don't think so.Yes, you can come over for a lecture on Saturday. We have a talk from a friend in the country.
text:Domestic training for pairs.I don't think so.And friends of the international community.	labels:It's against the country.
text:Is that true in the country? Yes, what's the lecture? Parents, listeners, kids.	labels:Parents and their children can listen to what they say about a course in the country, including how you should learn English when you go to junior high school.
text:There may not necessarily be time to come over.	labels:Yeah, you can call me when you get there.
text:All right, call you fixed.	labels:I'll text you later. It's 1370.
text:I have your name.	labels:All right, you can call me on my phone.I don't think so.Good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hey, hey, hey.	labels:How do you do, Mother? How do you do? How do you do? How do you do?I don't think so.Then we'll start the course tomorrow, September 5, and then we'll have 3.30-6.
text:Not number 12, it's number 5. I found it. I was asked 10, 12 when I signed up.	labels:I'll tell you the 12th when I sign up, right?
text:It's sure it's tomorrow, yeah.	labels:3 p.m. - 3006 p.m.
text:From 3.30 to 6 p.m., the book will be sent tomorrow together.	labels:Yes, well, thank you very much, or I'll tell you about it, and then we'll have a microblogging group, and then I'll leave my mother's microblogging on this side, and I'll probably add it to it, which teacher is the one who's going out. Right? I'll get him to add you to our class, another class.
text:Right, because there was one before.	labels:There was one before? I'm helping you with the sbs class. I know, I know, I know, so I'll see you later.	episode_done:True
text:How do you do? How do you do? My family called you two days ago. Our kids are like your new concept English.	labels:Yeah. Can you tell me what day it is?
text:On Friday, I saw you in the Anly district on Saturdays only.	labels:We have classes on Saturdays and Fridays.
text:Saturday is 2:35-6 p.m. on the 5th of the evening. Are you finished? The new concept two is a new mini-concept.	labels:On Saturday, one is 3:30 to 18:00 and one is 12:30 to 15:00.
text:We'll be at 3:30 to 6:30 to 6:30.	labels:Now there's no name for your child.
text:It's a verb.	labels:Strictly strict.
text:Thoughts.	labels:Be kind, then word, right?
text:That's it, because we'd like to go for a lesson, go for it tomorrow, see, and then we'll sign up. How about that? That's it.	labels:I'd like to know what grade kids are in.
text:Ah, it's fifth grade now.	labels:It's fifth grade, right? Here's what we're going to say. I'm telling you, this class is 160 hours, it's a year and a half, it's a year and a half, it's a year and a half, and it's a class that has one remaining since 12:30.
text:But it's two years old, isn't it?I don't think so.Yeah, let's think about it.	labels:You still want to last a year and a half, yes. You'll listen tomorrow.
text:Tomorrow, yes, we want to go to a class tomorrow to see what's going on, and then we can hand over the money.	labels:That's what we're talking about. That's 20,000 for us. That's 40 million for us.
text:That's 20,000 for 2000, but the problem now is that we're going to take the first test, and we're going to strengthen English to see this effect, and it's just for now.	labels:If you don't want to come first, can you leave a phone number? 139. 13981876259999. Okay, can you just come by tomorrow to remove the address? 6605, 780 Tiltland Road?
text:3.30-6. 3.30-6. Okay? Yeah.	labels:My last name is Peng.
text:Up and down, right, good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Is this most of the school district? Yes, the professor's customer service, so the answer to last night's watch didn't come out. I'll ask them later, and you just wait a little, um, and the customer service said that yesterday's form was not sent and the sales form was not sent.I don't think so.All right, send it to you right away, okay.I don't think so.Hello, little teacher.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Okay, there's two more things on our side, which are about these reactions, thanks, and goodbye, and I'll see you today. I know what you're saying. All right, what do you think the slap is? Hello.	labels:Shen Xiaomei's parents? Hi, I'm Angli's teacher.I don't think so.Actually, don't be late, and I'd like to tell you that the address of our new campus is in Pudong Food City, right?
text:Which class is the teacher in?	labels:That's what the classroom says. Our new campus is named after the university, so we'll have to see it later when the kids come.
text:You still need to get the numbers, don't you?	labels:Right.
text:I said, "What's that supposed to mean? What's with the seat?"	labels:Here's the seat, because this class is composed of 10 children, and here's what I'm going to do. I'm going to put a special mark on it, and if it doesn't, I'm going to go to the first class in a normal order.
text:There's only 10? It's not like there's more than 20 of them.	labels:Only 11 children can't now.
text:They say it's a big class.	labels:What is a big class, now only 11 children, and not much is right, and there may be other classes coming in at a later stage, or other little friends may register for it.
text:The teacher said that there were children who moved out, which means other times.	labels:Because I don't know, I took over this class and I saw only 11 children.
text:Because when I signed up, the teacher told me 23 already.	labels:It could be them.I don't think so.No, we're on this side, because I'm on this side, and if I'm on this side and I'm on this side, it's actually a child.
text:Are you our teacher or yes?	labels:I'm the teacher. I'm Lin Gemwood.
text:What's our class teacher's name?	labels:The class teacher's name is Confucius Kong, the female teacher. That's more like the name of a gay boy. Right, the female teacher. Okay, so don't be late, okay? Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:It's definitely a day's call.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:You're Miss Chan? Hello, I'm speaking foreign language to the school teacher. I'm Gu. Hello, I've got a message. You want to ask the kid if he's 12? You want to consult the English class, and you want to know what grade you're in?	labels:First year, right?
text:You bring him over for a test, let me take a look at his English studies, and then show him which class is better for him.	labels:Now you're the one at Lou Bay High School, aren't you?
text:It's across the street.	labels:You're exactly what you are now.	labels:That's better than that.
text:Which school are you from?I don't think so.Rita's, right?I don't think so.We also have a lot of friends on our side, which means we have some basic interpreters, and then we have a new concept two, including a series of courses.	labels:Is that how many lessons you've been talking about in the first year?
text:Right, we're basically going to give him a national baccalaureate. If you take a national baccalaureate, it's basically going in these directions. If you want to leave the country or something, you might have a little Tofu or something.	labels:What are the specific courses for the successful examination series?	labels:The syntax of the successful series and the completion of reading and writing are empty.	labels:Stay with them and cooperate with them.	labels:That is, the school is for them, and the children who come to this class are better at it, and the school is better at it.
text:It is likely that this course will start at the beginning of the first year, then the entire grammar of the entire lower secondary school section will be collated and then an intensive reading and writing training will be given to them in a subsequent course, which will also be completed and the initials will be empty.	labels:So much for the start-up student now.
text:The autumn shift starts on Sunday at 12:30 to 15:00, and then on September 27.	labels:September 27th. So when does it end?	labels:In class, for example, there were 44 classes, and the rest could end in the summer.
text:Right.	labels:It's for the finals, right.
text:This is for the Middle School, because Lida's words are also one of our private schools, and they're better in the Lu Bay area, and then they teach earlier than some of the public schools outside, especially in English, so our little friends here are basically in the first class.	labels:It's like two semesters together, isn't it?I don't think so.That's right.
text:We'll probably take about three weeks off, two to three weeks.	labels:Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
text:And then it goes on and on and on and on and on and on and on and on and off for two to three weeks of the year.	labels:That's what you say.
text:Our course is 11,000.	labels:Can you give me the address? I might go back.
text:Okay, so do you want me to give you a date? You bring the kids over for a test.	labels:You send me your contact information and your address. I'll let you discuss it. I'll contact you later.
text:Okay, okay. Okay, good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Shit. Yeah. What time is it?I don't think so.The bell speaks and reads.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:950.	labels:Shouldn't be finished or not. Hello, is it Yuan Seung Fei's parents? Good to you, I'm a teacher in the English language. Here's what we're going to do, because we're going to do a back-to-back count, and we're going to ask about the score of a written examination for a mid-level interpreter to see the child. Have you ever had a chance to say it?
text:1025.	labels:That's what I'm talking about, isn't it?
text:I think I found out that our interpreter's course was handed over.	labels:That's what you say about the cost, because you get a discount in your first annual report, and if you want to return it, you can return it to you, but you can have a few suggestions here, one of which is that you can keep the course inside, and then wait until the child says he or she wants to retake it, and then, if he or she wants to raise it, you can read it, and of course you can push it.I don't think so.Well, because you were on a preferential basis for this course, and if you're saying that you're dropping out, then you're saying no, and the next thing you're talking about it, it's a big difference if the kid's going to read it later, right?
text:When we get out, we'll go to college and go straight to Level 4-4.I don't think so.It's about participation.	labels:Okay.
text:Our main focus is on college, so we haven't been in school for over a month.	labels:What grade is he in now?
text:One.	labels:You're a freshman, aren't you?
text:Okay.	labels:Okay, I know it's okay, if you say so.
text:Please help me figure it out first.	labels:How much did you sign up for?
text:10,000 more than 10,500. Should be.	labels:If it's 10,500, because I'm looking at it in our financial system? If it's because I'm not financial, we're off today, and then it's like, if you're going to quit, I can tell you in general that it should be 3100.I don't think so.An oral examination class, because the original cost of the oral examination was 3600, and you were supposed to have a 500-percent discount at the time, which is included in the second.
text:Yeah. You can arrange it for me. I'm sure I'll be here this weekend, right?	labels:All right, which teacher did you use? The teacher's name?
text:Cuddle with the teacher, I forgot. The boy came over to see his face. I knew him.	labels:Okay, I'll take a look. We'll be fine then. Bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:How do you do? I've got my rain parents in China, and today, because Lalos has you, you've got a sense of poison, you can come here. Yes, because the old well thinks you're high in the waterfall. Good-bye. Okay, this one.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Right? I'm Mr. Wu, and I'm a CEO. I've just picked him up.I don't think so.I've just got it underground, including I've been running around a long time and I've been back, and I've been able to isolate three kids who can use light or not to use light-finger motion to keep track of life.	labels:At that time, a wave of tomorrow's Gwang-yung family study was packed by two people, but it was possible to secure a place for four of the selected persons.
text:That's why I can't get a picture back to a picture.	labels:I know farmers because of the countryside.
text:Because it was not implemented in the countryside, which was supposed to be about 774,3376? The 774-37 floors listen to my office, but it's not normal for me to be in the back class, for example, how many people in your store in high school you can't get around to help him live here with my little meat, which is like 7400 in your pen, and you spent 6900 reading it.	labels:Why would he do that?
text:I'm telling you, if someone just went up there to bet, it's not happy to be on the road anyway.	labels:The appellant just had it for $500, I think. Yeah.
text:'Cause I can't do 700 or 900 people for $500, right?I don't think so.'Cause if I'm just in the neighborhood, one of them is turning Hubei into 10,300, but five of them, 'cause Japan isn't, 'cause the system's out, 'cause it's out of hand, 'cause it's out of hand, 'cause I'm not using it, 'cause I'm using it, 'cause I'm using it, 'cause I'm going to lose it, 'cause I'm going to lose 30 bucks. You're going to get me, right? ' 'Cause your first class is 6,900 plus the second course's $3,000, right?I don't think so.So for the first time, I'll probably be able to get $37,527,000. So we've got $200 for $300, all right? Just ask her to pay for her services. Let me help your wife with the budget, okay?I don't think so.Why don't you give us time for approval? If the good guys go on Sunday, they'll let you know on the phone, so that's it, so that's it, so that's it.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lee Wei Woo. Right.	labels:Do you have time for Saturday morning?I don't think so.Saturday afternoon?
text:Not in the morning, not in the afternoon, but if you say so in the morning, we can open a class for you, because a lot of parents have come to ask, "bs," yes. Yes, if you want to, you can have a Saturday morning class.I don't think so.Yes. That's Saturday afternoon.	labels:The 5th afternoon.
text:3.30 - 6 p.m.I don't think so.For tomorrow.I don't think so.Yeah, just come right over here. You can leave a name for your little friend.I don't think so.Two Musketeers, right?I don't think so.Okay, Mom left a phone call, 161638681.I don't think so.Is 8681 in the third grade now? Three years.	labels:It's just that we may not start from the beginning because we've read Cambridge.
text:Can you do that? You'll be here by 3:30 tomorrow. I'll send the campus address to your phone. Okay, that's it.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mrs. Zhou. I'm Mr. Libin. I'll let you know that we're starting our Harvard class in February on Sunday morning, and I just added you a little bit, and then we'll have a group of micro-letters in every class, and we'll set up a job or something, and I'll give you a little bit of a message, and I'll take you to the group, and we'll be able to communicate with each other, and it'll be easier.I don't think so.All right, well, I forgot what time it was in the morning, 9:30. 9:30. 9:30.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:You need to bring in something in your foreign language.
text:Why don't you buy me something to eat?	labels:What do you want to eat?
text:You buy me whatever you want.	labels:I'll bring it from here, okay?
text:All right, then I'm...	labels:I'll go down to the sun and the moon and I'll bring in the food and we'll eat together.
text:Okay, because I was almost late in the morning, so I didn't buy anything. It's okay.	labels:All right, what do you want to eat?
text:You can buy whatever you want.	labels:I don't care. I'll watch over there. I'll send you a message.I don't think so.Okay, bye.	episode_done:True
text:This is Mom? Hello, I'm the other one who replied to the school teacher. I've got a message from you, and I'd like to ask you how old you are with the new concept. Yes, and how old are you now? 3rd grade, 3rd grade. He's read the concept of awakening before the new 3rd grade.	labels:I haven't learned any other English before.
text:You don't know much about what's in a foreign language, do you? You don't know what's in a penhead.	labels:I've learned from first class things, like Grammar, and maybe he doesn't know very well, but he does.
text:Okay, I know. And what school is he in now?	labels:Ten in one center.
text:Right at Xu Hsien Center? Okay, then here's Mom, let's see when you can bring him over for a test. Let's look at his situation and see where he's reading the toxic concept.	labels:You're Angli adults speaking foreign languages.
text:Yes, it's not as if you didn't come up here.	labels:Because Yorri also called me about testing and everything, I feel like I'm acting like I'm being counterproductive.
text:I'm not right.	labels:Because Orio and Orie are not family.
text:We're under the Angli group, but they're a lot more kids, and they're involved in everything, like drawings, so if you...	labels:Self-learning new concepts.
text:It's a Qing version, isn't it?	labels:Right.
text:Because there are very few parents who read the Chinese version, so basically speaking on our side, we read the classic version, and because we are professional English only, so basically, if you want to read English, the parents will choose us.	labels:Mm-hmm, so there's also that I'm primarily concerned.
text:It's a time period, isn't it?I don't think so.Because, like the new concept one, we've recently said that we've had several shifts in the autumn, and we've been working on Friday nights, including on Saturdays.	labels:So what time and what time is Friday night?
text:Let me take a look. Hold on a second.I don't think so.Friday night, we have a class at 6:30-8:30.	labels:6:30 to 8:30, we have it outside.
text:Classes, right? And then there's a 4:15-6:15.	labels:4:15 to 6:15, my class outside my class is six.
text:No, I can't. Saturday is 12:30:12:30-3. It's 12:30.	labels:3:30 to 15:00, then Sunday.
text:Sunday, Sunday is 3:30 to 18:00.	labels:Not in the morning?
text:This morning's speech will wait until the beginning of the session in October.	labels:Yes, yes, you can. Because that's what I do. He's next door at 1-4:00 p.m. on Sundays, right? So if I think about it, I can get high.
text:Well, if you're going to read it, either you're going to do the same thing as you do, but Sunday morning was pretty good, and then you can go to school and eat.	labels:The point is that if I could make it, I might be on Friday afternoon, but you don't seem to know if it's at 3:00, so I can end up around five before six.
text:This is the best point to start with, at 3 p.m., not yet, because we have a new concept at 3 p.m., two.	labels:3 o'clock.
text:At 3:40, it's too late for you to eat.	labels:It's too late.I don't think so.Saturday night? Saturday night?
text:But let me tell you on Saturday night that this class of children is younger because we have a longer class on Saturday night, which is 30 hours longer than the class I just told you, and then two of them are promoted to the second grade, and one of them is to the third grade.	labels:Slower.
text:The pace of the right class is slower, so the child's age is slightly smaller.	labels:So, like Saturday afternoon you said 12 noon to 3 p.m. wasn't against us Kim San.
text:You're basically in third grade?	labels:It's a new shift, isn't it?
text:New shift.	labels:Back in the first lesson of immunization.
text:Right.	labels:Then you set aside two for me, one for Saturday at 12:30.
text:12:30 to 15:00.	labels:From 12:30 to 15:00, there is also a 9 a.m. on Sunday morning.
text:What time is it in October of 11.30? 9:30.	labels:Point to 11. How much time do you have? Two and a half hours.
text:Right.	labels:Two and a half hours, then price.
text:We're down an average of 100 bucks an hour, and if we calculate it like this, we're up and down 12,000 a year last year.	labels:It is possible to attend school in 12,000 years a year.
text:The end is the end of the new school.	labels:That's right. That's fourth grade.
text:Choosing Star Two.	labels:Right.
text:Basically, because our classes are rolling, the class kids from the first reading basically let them go straight to the second class, so that you can guarantee the same period of time, and then you can go on, basically.	labels:Okay, here's your contact number, right?
text:If I don't send an address to your phone, I'll use my own phone, and you can contact me directly. Okay, then you'll probably test it for a while.	labels:If I test it, I'll probably be on September 3rd, September 3rd, Sunday, September 3rd, 12th, September 4.
text:I only went to school on September 3, yes.	labels:I'll come if I can, if I can't.
text:Okay, I'll set you for September 3 and I'll contact you if I don't make it.	labels:How long do we think it's gonna take to test number three?
text:It's about half an hour. Look at her answer speed, because some kids have to slow it down, maybe 40 minutes to three grams.	labels:That's it.
text:Written.	labels:So I came earlier on September 3rd, right?
text:Why don't you go to school a little early? Why don't you go a little early? Good-bye, good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, you haven't come yet. Don't you know what's going on?I don't think so.No, he's just been looking around for the past.I don't think so.Okay, I'll call you later and say good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Okay.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:How do you feed the chicken mom? Wuhan at the farm became a better friend than a teacher, probably told Aliba to look at the Russians and give you a little bit of hard time. So cool, buddy, I'm crying all over, so good-bye, so good-bye, so good-bye. Outside.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is Zhang Jie's parents? I'm a foreign language teacher. Would you like to know the English lessons that children need here? No, okay, excuse me, good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Oh, my god, and then we're mostly talking about the shop. I'll show you, so you feel something? Hello.	labels:Mom Zhao Xiaomeng? I'm here to teach at the Omiba White School. Hello. You took two classes here last time. Yes.I don't think so.Yeah, that means if the last time you paid for a card, you bring that card.
text:Is there an invoice? The invoice says that it does not contain a specific subject, but it is due to several reports.	labels:I can see that you brought it over from my invoice.
text:It's got to be 3'800's, that's it.	labels:I'll fill out the list later. How much will I give you?
text:Okay, when do you usually get here?	labels:I'm a week and a week and a week and a half.
text:They put on Saturdays, then they said that I was on Sundays six days.	labels:I'm on Sunday this week.
text:If you don't, you might say later or I'll let you bring me in.	labels:Anyway, you came to see me by my last name.
text:Six, six, six, one at a time with that.	labels:Friday at 6:30, I was there.
text:Yeah, well, maybe I'll come by next week? Yes. Yes, thank you.	labels:Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, hello, hello, hello! Yes, I'm Mr. Juznetine's headmaster, Mr. Lee. You've got a new concept three course. Yes, we're starting this week at 3.30-6. We're starting at 3:30-6. We'll build a group this Saturday at 3.30-6, and then we'll build a group, and I didn't add you to my cell phone number.	labels:I'll add you later.I don't think so.I said.
text:Can you take my number, please?	labels:The number is your cell number. Can you find it?
text:It's my phone number. I'll tell you what, okay?	labels:For this one is.
text:On the plane.	labels:All right, 188.
text:Yes, 188181218128152.	labels:815218818128152.I don't think so.Okay, I'll add you later, and if I lose, I will.
text:Right on the day of class, you'd better go straight to the classroom. We're on the side of Pudong Food City in the new campus. Have you heard of this?	labels:There's an elevator from Merchant Street, isn't there?I don't think so.Merchant Road Food City is not a door, it's above the Jang Road.
text:And from Jang, this side of the road, Jan, this side of the road, he's got elevators on the first floor.	labels:There's a straight elevator going inside.
text:Yeah, there's a straight elevator in front of the common room.	labels:Okay, which room in the winehouse is specific.
text:I'll let you know in the group. Look at the group.	labels:Books will be sent by then.
text:Right? Yeah, just come straight to the classroom.	labels:That's it. Bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Right, Sun Woo Ho's parents? This is Mr. Wu from the school district of Angry Foreign Language 800. You're reporting a Tofu reinforcement, two parts or a Tofu, right?
text:Two two.	labels:It's a part, right? Then it's a word and a part? I remember because it started on October 17th, and now it's two weeks to October 31st. All right, well, I'll call you before it starts.I don't think so.They're gone, they're gone, and I can say exactly how many addresses for the transfer. The overall view is based on some signs, so I've just been busy for two weeks. Okay, by October, there's politics.
text:It's amazing. It's a big, big mouth burn.	labels:I'm just crying.
text:My accent for me.	labels:I'll open up the market pool on March 10, right?I don't think so.The mission started on October 31st, and in the countryside I accepted what I said, and I could do it in two weeks.
text:I've been doing what I've been doing right now. I think I can ask Mr. Ma to change because I want to change the light.	labels:That's nine words, because he'll add the guy who put you in charge, or the tube just like a guy left it on the garage door, and that's what I'm gonna do, for example, to help you get the North Contract right.
text:Okay?	labels:The 31st of March came down and paid Yao for credit.
text:I said, I said, 'cause I'm in your house and I'm playing.	labels:The warehouse, right?
text:He visited the last one for only three weeks and could be more than three hours at 9 p.m., so I...	labels:Then say it.
text:Wait, wait, wait, wait. What time is the 9th? Should it be two of Kayo's?	labels:I'll tell you, why don't you put it on for a second? It's been a long time, okay? It's December 31st, and I'll tell you later. It's been a long time, okay?	episode_done:True
text:I told him not to listen to the picture in front of me the other day.	labels:Ms. Kim? I'm a teacher in Angli, and you're not helping. The fifth question is, because you say that kids are reading that scene and that giraffe is about to end, that's not going to happen, is it? Right.
text:Do you have any lessons now?	labels:That's what the class says, right? He's in the middle class last year. Now he's in the big class.
text:It is now one year in primary school.	labels:First grade, right? Because, like us, it's good for him to have a sbs class, and then you can bring him over for a test to see how much he knows about American.
text:What kind of tests are you testing?	labels:The test is a small volume, ah, vocabulary, for example, some single complex numbers, some simple words for the correct complex numbers.
text:The food's not right yet, because they probably don't. Okay, I know.	labels:Do you have time for this weekend?
text:There's only lessons for sbs.	labels:The new concept is relatively early for it, because it is true, as we do, because we also have a new concept in the first grade of a math teacher at the Roan Medical Center, but now it is because they have a clear goal, and if you ask for it, the children can read it, but the parents must keep an eye on it.
text:That's basically two lessons this week.	labels:Last class in a week.
text:The last lesson was right, if we go back to school, it's solid.	labels:This is true, because it is also true that the parents who listened to Ben said almost twice or twice the last week did not really have time to review him.I don't think so.Well, because it's not like American, it's spoken and practiced, if that's what it's about.
text:Write.	labels:Right.
text:One such course is now scheduled for a few Sundays.	labels:I didn't know you had time for Saturday morning.
text:He doesn't want to be set up on Saturdays.	labels:So we're done, right?
text:Wants to set him up for Sunday. Do you have it in the morning?	labels:It's day and morning, right? If you can do this on Sunday morning, you can report it first, because we're almost four kids and we're all in class. We're in class. We're in class. We're in class, we're in class, we're in class, we're in class, we're in class, we're in class, we're in class, we're in school.
text:All right, I'll take a break. I'll take the next week. We'll go from 12 Thursdays to next Sunday, okay?	labels:Mr. Xu is right next to us, right?
text:It's right next to you, so I'd like to try to put it together, and then I'd like to ask, next week, I'd like to consult with the kids.	labels:Have you been here last year?
text:I left a phone call on my own last year.	labels:Why don't I arrange this for you guys this week? What time can you be here next week?
text:I'm probably about 12 because it's a one-on-one class.	labels:Have a good meal by 1:00, right?
text:Bring the kids here for a good meal, around 12 o'clock.	labels:Okay, I'll make a reservation for you, and I'll call you next Friday like this, okay?
text:Well, that's all you got, right? Because last time I was told by a teacher who seemed to be a man.	labels:And that's the only one for him, for him, because the new concept is for him.
text:From other sources, they seem to be in Hong Kong when they're abroad. Hong Kong is a major subject, but it seems to be a little bit.	labels:There are no teachers like us, because teachers in general recommend, that is, I got a call today before the kids came to this class, and parents ask about the teacher's name and refer to the subject.
text:Which school?	labels:Lu Bay Center.
text:All right, all right. One of your classmates is a new concept. The kids are a grader.	labels:That's what I told your classmates. They're going to go to school in the second year of their lives. They've been studying since last year, in the first grade.
text:I'm going straight to the new concept.	labels:They study new concepts, and, yes, their parents keep an eye on them every time they go back to school, because they learn everything but mathematics, so they have a clear purpose.
text:Okay, let me get this straight.	labels:Okay, bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Um, uh, uh, uh, uh, Mom, I'm Ally's teacher Lee, and here's the thing about Sunday's Tofu class, and you can do it, which is 12:30 on Sunday and 3.30 in the morning, but Saturday's is full. And then in the morning, we have a class that might start again on Saturday morning, but we're still talking about when.I don't think so.So when do you think your time is better?	labels:Saturday morning we're the math reader you know we're from 8:00 to 10:00.
text:Why don't you just report on Sunday, so there'll be more places, more places, more places, more places, more places, all Saturdays.	labels:For me, it's like I'm either going to school for a day or I'm going to be wasting two days, because it's also a matter of reading.
text:If you don't read Sunday night, it's 3:30 to 6:00, so you can do homework or anything in the morning, and then he's staying at school at night?	labels:The last Saturday's gone, isn't it?
text:I'll tell you Saturday until December, and only in January will there be a place, and it would be better for you to read Sunday classes directly.I don't think so.And it'll be better if you just read it at night, because you're empty for the first half of the morning.	labels:It's from 3:30 to 6:15. Around 3:30 to 18:00, I'll go home and see if I can find out. Okay.
text:You talk to him, and then you come tomorrow or the day after tomorrow, because the 18th is the last day of the school festival, and I'll see what I can do for you when you get here.	labels:Is Sunday a new shift? Yeah. Just started right.
text:First class, 18 October.	labels:Okay, how long does it take to read this once? 40 weeks. Then read it.
text:About August next year.	labels:How many classes are there? 40 classes.
text:Ten months.	labels:Ah-ah-ah-ah-ah-ah.
text:This is 12,800.	labels:I'm gonna need to replenish you, right? Yeah.
text:When you're here, I'll plan it for you and look at it, because there's some activities at the school festival, and it'll be a bit more cost-effective how you do it. Okay?	labels:I'm gonna go home and talk to the kids, okay?
text:All right, then contact me if you need anything. Okay, good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:2023.	labels:In other words, 153 points went to high school, giving the child an incentive.I don't think so.There are no conditions, as long as it says more than 750.
text:Shanghai experiment is good, let's do it first. Okay, bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:No hurry, your number is empty.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Your call is on the phone.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:One time watching the news. Hello.	labels:What's the matter with Mom Zhang? I'm Mr. Wang of Finnish, and you've brought the children to the test. Foreign languages. Yes, and after you've finished the test, do you want to give the kids an audition?
text:Yes, and we've been doing it since then.	labels:Where did you sign up?
text:Mr. Xu.	labels:Are you reporting on an English course online or not?
text:That's what they have. They teach English.	labels:Did you report it for a year?
text:Yeah. A semester.	labels:Yeah? What's the cost of a semester?
text:Here's the thing. Only his dad reported it. I don't know how good 2,000 is.	labels:Okay, I'm sorry, because you said try and then I had a new class, so I asked you to listen.
text:Because you haven't called, so I think his dad reported later, and I want to go first.	labels:Okay, I'm sorry. It's okay. Bye.	episode_done:True
text:I remember the last time there was a fucking card. Did it run out?	labels:I called him the other day and he didn't want to. He said thank you. It's Shaw's little friend's mom, right?I don't think so.Hi, I'm the teacher of Ally's education. Hi, I'd like to call to tell you that the kid has been on our side of the race before. The kid's on his way to the rematch. I'd like to inform you that he will be here before 7:00 p.m. on October 17th.
text:Yes, as if it had been notified.	labels:Let's make sure the kid's coming, okay?
text:That's right, because he has a 13:30-6:00 course on your side, and he's pretty good at that.	labels:Okay, I know. Thank you very much.	episode_done:True
text:I think I've played some ball here, or CO2 clear, CO2 plus SO2 phone calls, and you hung up when my brother went out to pick it up.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lin Wai.	labels:Is it Mr. Yue?
text:Hold on a second.	labels:Mr. Yu, did you get a call yesterday from a lawyer with tail number 7445?
text:Yesterday I rested.	labels:Is that today?
text:Today, Ms. 7,445 Hu, Ms. Hu left her only 6 and, yes, she left a child's name.	labels:Liu Xiao is still a name, he's like this, he calls us on the other platforms, then he comes by to make sure he's on our side, then he says yes, and at the same time you've introduced him to the sbs.
text:Sbs did not, it consulted on new concepts.	labels:You didn't consult him about the sps, and then because I asked him to come over, you didn't tell him when, because he might have to talk about it.
text:Yeah, he doesn't have time for this week, he doesn't have time for next week.	labels:I told him, and I told him, because I told him he was going to class on Friday, and now we don't have two classes on Friday on September 11th. I said you'd come over this week and listen to the monthly report.
text:But our lesson today is almost today, and not on Friday, he has no time.	labels:Your 11th class is today, isn't it?
text:20, 11 is normal next week. He doesn't have time for this week. Thursday.	labels:Do you have time for 9th 4th and 5th of the week? 9th?
text:Four.	labels:Nos. 4 and 5.
text:Four and five. Let me see four and five. Some of them have an appointment with him.	labels:No time, no time, no time, no time. I said afternoon time, because the children are not on vacation.I don't think so.Otherwise, you're on my list and I'm sending it to Mr. Wang, and then you're not going to tell Mr. Wang directly because it's yours.
text:All right, all right.	labels:And then you called your parents, because he wanted to make sure he was the teacher on our side, and then you asked him to come over for an audition, and then you arranged a specific time with him.
text:Okay, okay, okay. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mrs. Chung? I'm a teacher at the University School of Aglican Language. You want to know what your little friend is talking about? Sorry, I'm busy, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Miss Wang. Excuse me. I've got another answer for the campus, which is to ask you to come back for a couple of minutes. Okay, I've been in touch with you at that time. You're the teacher here.	labels:Didn't we read it on your side?
text:You're a young boy on Cube Creek Road, right? You were in the sbse class at that time.	labels:No, I'm not. I'm reading the new concept over at Lacey Road.
text:It's a new concept, isn't it?I don't think so.And then the sbs were simpler, and the new concept was that you learned the book in today's edition. The yellow one. So now you can ask him what lesson he's learned. How's it going?	labels:It's almost over.
text:It's almost over, isn't it? The new concept one, and now the mother, is what the kids are doing right now? The new concept one, it's okay.	labels:It's better than it was before.
text:Are you sure you're going to have a new concept right now, Mom and Dad? Two, two, two, two, are important, because it's all in the book. If you think about it, you can compare it with him.	labels:If I'm done here, I'll report it for the second time.
text:It ended in the morning and went to the back door.	labels:There must be a lot of people in a week.
text:Chou, since the teacher was speaking on that day, I'll probably talk to you first. It's better to read it in Angry. It's more dignified.I don't think so.Because I really like kids.	labels:Over there, because it's easier, I think.
text:It's just taped to him. Is that how he gets in? Because who's in south Mindros?	labels:They didn't mention it. I was just here.
text:By the way, I can close the door and open the door to the end of despair.	labels:To the space interface again.
text:Which interface is about as good as to wipe me out. Aren't they right? I want you to understand with the Wu Dong trade union, because who can work together for 10 days a year in a farmer's house.	labels:What a lot of glory.
text:Okay, when the boss's out.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Front 63056589.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Smart eyes will shine and my arms will return, so when the world is not dead in the early days, I will move you to love. At the grade center, why does school prove we're in the country?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mom. All right, my beely ain't-go teacher. Mr. Wang is like Mr. Mon's sister has just paid you off. I just got a secret service that's going to give you the power to feed your dad.	labels:I don't think the phone's broken because I feel like I'm having a fight. I'm getting old anyway.
text:That's right, because what I just wrote is the reason why the Russian side isn't doing enough or what it looks like. Because I go back to my ears, and for a week anyway, I can't understand because there's something in my veins that I can't understand.	labels:I'm telling you, I'm this thing.I don't think so.Forget it, because we still have a big gap, and we've been helping you sell over 200-100 items from 5 to b stores at an estimated amount to sell the workers, and Europe's just a little bit more because I've been gambling for two weeks because I don't make public money, because the teacher thinks he's old for you, and I can handle it for two days.
text:I know.I don't think so.I'd like to ask my friend if he'd just come back from the farm, because there's no one in that room that's a two-man shop, and that's just as thin as the Minister's ears, so what I just gave him is that I could give you a safe start, just as soon as I understood, or 120.8, so I feel like I can make a deal, and there's no 20 people who can make an excuse to get more prepared farmers to come to the company, right?I don't think so.It's the first time, not the first time.	labels:It's a special coincidence you're down there.
text:After learning what I know, I mean if he doesn't have much for the first time, he may not be absent from school, or if he doesn't understand something in some part of his class. So if he doesn't understand, I'll see if there's a class where you can listen to a few lessons, see if it's appropriate for a new concept, and let him do it again, okay?	labels:Who just needs milk? Just.
text:I may be, because I must have just made the reservoir, because I have no interface, and I'm going back to the farm, and I'm going to pay 40 dollars for the farm, 40 dollars for the project, which I gave him a percentage, because I can do three, and I can find the weapons I'm following in my class.	labels:As a result, some of us are just larger than others, because if we had to choose to keep ourselves safe at the time.
text:Like a mouth.	labels:Okay.
text:Good pesticides, they'll both be successful, and I'll never be able to fart again.	labels:He can quit because he asked me about it with your father and all his teachers.
text:Ask your brother if he can't come to the counter, okay?	labels:Can I get you something?
text:That's what it looks like, because if he's on your side because I don't know now that he doesn't get it from the first group, because another kid in his class doesn't remember that he started on Monday, because he's on the other side of the bus, because he's on the other side of the bus, and if he's on the other side of the road, then I'm on the other side of a bunch of customers, and he's on the other side, and he's on the other side, and I'm on the other side, and I'm on the other side, and I'm on the other side, and I'm on the other side, and I'm on the other side, and I'm on the other side, and I'm on the other side, and I'm on the other side, and I'm on the other side, and I's on the other side, and I'm on the other side, and I's on the other side, and I's on the other side, and I's on the other side.	labels:The guy either told him that I was in touch with his teacher, because the teacher himself was a teacher, and he read only one book, and he told me that the second book was a big one, and his daughter was sure to be.
text:Sure, so there's a connection.	labels:Yeah, yeah, call me back in a week.
text:Yes.I don't think so.All right, all right, let's go outside with Mr. Wang.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I don't like it. Bye bye bye.I don't think so.Now that I've had so much heart and heart, that's true. That's my way.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Princess Wang Wei.	labels:You just sent it in the troupe.
text:Did you see your list?	labels:Yeah, it's 1:00. Don't worry about it.
text:You know, I asked them to tell me in the past two days, often to talk about it after five, because they're all still talking about it.	labels:Because on this page.
text:Isn't Esso1 only deal.com.	labels:Can't wfwfwf go up there and not go up there?
text:Let's see if there's any, if he doesn't, it'll be ready after five.	labels:I don't think so.
text:Okay? Thank you. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:It can be sour. What day do I wake up and talk to so many people? Hello, is Jung Jiaji's parent? Hello, I'm Mr. Ali Yang. Your child is here on Monday afternoon.I don't think so.And after more than a month, I've been calling you back, like a child who, by asking his teacher about the class, is alive as a child, and he's good as a whole, but he has a question that he may say that he may have to practice more in his own pronunciation, if we all hear less, if we're concerned about the need to focus more on the words on the pronunciation at the time of the pronunciation, and if we can remember that at that point in time, it may be possible to remember more about it, but rather that the teacher says that the whole part of the course is quick in all its aspects, and that it is more polite in the class.I don't think so.And it's because we're going to ask you this week, because it's not just a new concept that you're going to sign up for this week, because if it's a school day, if we're going to register for this week, if you're going to have a relatively large margin of preference, if you're going to come to the campus, and if you have any hopes, then I'll tell you the details, and then we'll talk about it, and then we'll talk about it, and we'll talk about it.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:The number you dialed is down.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:This business is clearly going to take a minute to open.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mother Wang Xiao Xiao, I'm an easy teacher. You're doing this. I'll talk to the teacher. He's not a big problem here, but he's got another class after class, which means he won't be able to get to the other campus in time for 6:30.	labels:Fifteen minutes right.
text:It started at 53:45.	labels:Then.
text:I've talked to the other parents. The other parents are fine, if it's a 15-minute delay.	labels:We're on the market now, and if there's a problem, we'll rewrite it.
text:It's okay.	labels:If there's a problem, we can do it later. I don't know if it can be changed, if it's to be delayed, if it's to be delayed, if it's to be delayed by the teacher.
text:Okay.	labels:No problem. It's too urgent.
text:Okay, we'll watch the first class. Okay? Okay, bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:On my side of the Nakayama campus, I would like to ask if we have a mini-fiction class with a new concept for the afternoon of Saturday.
text:Are you saying it's a new class, or is it already? Yeah, last week.	labels:It's a new class. It's just a lesson, isn't it?
text:One of his classmates said he'd heard it by the name of Zhang Chunyang.	labels:He's heard of you. He said you had two classes on your side, like my girl.
text:Not Saturday.	labels:Two or two classes, and he told me you had two slow classes, and then he said there was a teacher who was a man's teacher against a man.
text:And then he says now he wants to.	labels:Go to your teacher's class. Mm-hmm.
text:So I want to check with you on the progress.	labels:It's just begun.
text:Just got a lesson. Oh, okay.	labels:It's just one lesson. How many people are in this class now?
text:Now look at three.	labels:I'm supposed to be okay. Three, then 24,000 for two years. Right. Okay, class number.
text:Take a look, thank you. 1533311.	labels:Yeah, yeah, well, I'll check with my parents, if he turns, 'cause he's in over 30 classes on my side, and if he does, I'll see when he's going to class, okay?
text:Thanks. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:You're paying Gavin's mom? I'm a teacher here. Aren't you reading middle-level interpreters over there?	labels:No, I didn't read anything. I read it at the teachers outside of school. Can you refund the money? You were there.
text:How did you sign up? Did you do it later?	labels:Yes, I did read the basic language, and then I didn't remember the basic language and what it was, and then I changed the concept of the basic language, and you should do it later.
text:Because your own words are, of course, a deferred fee, which can only be used on the course, and he will not be able to withdraw, because it has been transferred after several courses.	labels:I haven't even done it once. I...
text:New concept two has been over it a few times, yes.	labels:Two times at the most.
text:You're supposed to be in two classes now. He's supposed to have your fee cut off.	labels:That's right, I'll never fuck another brother again. I'm sure I won't be here again, because I'll basically be in Japan for another year or two.
text:Is there a friend who can read it? Or is there another class you can study? Like what you're studying with your teacher.	labels:I don't need to read anything from middle-level interpreters, basic interpreters, little Tofu.I don't think so.Don't read.
text:Look at your two options and I'll tell you, first you ask if any of your classmates are going to read them over there. And second, if you're really going to quit, you're going to have to get your permission to leave the country before you can apply for it on our side.	labels:But you can rush here. I used to be the teacher of your radio.
text:He may be refunded, as follows: first, he may be refunded before the beginning of the course; second, he may be refunded before the start of the course; and second, he may be refunded before the start of the course if he is not allowed to do so after the two sessions.	labels:We did it once or twice. We only had one lesson, we only had one lesson, we didn't have two lessons, why didn't I quit, when I was a technical interpreter, and we didn't import or export.
text:Yeah, so I said.I don't think so.You've been over-exported and over-exited.	labels:We didn't go to the basic language, you gave me a book, I did not go to it once, and then I said to them, "No, I did not go to the new concept," but when I did, I gave it to you when you imported and exported the invoice, and he helped me with some.
text:That's what you do. You take your list or that thing.	labels:You didn't give it to me. So why didn't I quit at the time, you know?I don't think so.How long has it been since he helped me change the new concept? He's just helping me with the book bill, and he didn't give me the list. Right, because I want to read the new concept again. I'm going to read it on the summer vacation. But it's too simple for him for the first time, except for our daughter's new concept. Why didn't he come to you later?I don't think so.A friend introduced me to one of your other places where a teacher from the upper secondary grammar school came out, and that was more than a year ago. I went to a middle school grammar, and then I went to one, and you did.
text:Anyway, if you use some of your papers, you can ask our teacher, because normally you can't back this number, or you can take a look at it here.	labels:How come I don't have that list anymore because of the time.
text:You don't have anything on your hands?I don't think so.Do you have all the invoices?	labels:It's the invoice that gave me nothing, and then they'll be there.
text:You can only come to our side. You can come to our side of the finance, because I'm not.	labels:Eight million in stores.
text:It's not a $8 million store, but you don't give me any papers. How can I get you to apply for it or apply for it?	labels:Listen to me, I don't have any papers, but you have roots here, and you won't hit me today anyway.
text:It's not me, it's a year ago. Yes, it's me. You didn't call in July 8th of the year before, and then you read Chinese grammar. I'm on the market list.	labels:There is no intermediate examination programme.
text:Yeah, I'm not just saying after I'm done, I'm asking if you're talking about it here.	labels:You put your money on it anyway.
text:If you have time, why don't you come over here and take a look? Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hi, Mom. Hi, I'm the teacher from Ulrich's class. Hi, let me tell you something. Yes, we'll call off on Saturday.I don't think so.One stop at the right time, because the teacher's side, because the summer class's a little tired, and we're taking a day off. We're right next week, we'll stop at the next week. Okay? Okay. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:May I ask if you have a room for the evening on October 18th? On the evening of Sunday 18th, October 18th. I'm not calling today to ask if I can make a reservation, but if I can, I'm going to put it on the top of the house. Am I right? Can I tell you to book in advance, if I'm there, it'll be 159 days per night? First, I'm going to ask you about the night of the 18th, and then I'm going away the next day. Right?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Right.	labels:No, I don't want to eat with you. Hello, is it Yu Wei's parents? Yes, I'm an exception to the teacher.
text:Is that the liquor store at the first food store?	labels:It's not the first food, it's the first food, it's next to the first food, and I'd like to ask you if this number is your cell phone number and if it's your micro-mail number.
text:I don't think it's the signal. You want a message?	labels:Yes, because there'll be parents' micro-groups.
text:Mr. Lu, I'm adding him to the letter.	labels:Okay, I'll ask him if he wants to give you your card. Just check it out.I don't think so.Thanks. It's okay.
text:Okay, that's what it is.	labels:We don't have to get our books in advance, right? We'll get the IDs, then we'll get a little bag, and then we'll get all the books ready to go.
text:Okay, one man in class.	labels:Now it's six people, 10,666. It's okay. I'll see you later.	episode_done:True
text:The number you have dialed cannot be reached for the time being, please later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Well, well, well. Well, well. Well, well, well.	labels:Is it Li Long Woo's parents? Isn't that right? Where are you? I'm a teacher in English.
text:Your number is.	labels:When did you get it? I asked if you're the parent of LEE Long Woo? I was wrong. Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Exist. Please check the number and dial.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm.	labels:Isn't it Yuan Jun-nam's mother? Am I making it easy for another teacher to talk? Is this where I want to consult with my little friend about Tofu? I think I know that Star is finished. Is he going to go to junior high next June or what?
text:Not yet. Final decision.	labels:You're not sure? The first thing you're sure about is that little Tofty's grades must be needed, right?
text:I don't need grades. I said it before. I don't look at the status quo. I really want my kids to learn something.	labels:It's about empowerment, isn't it?
text:I don't give a damn about all the lessons I've been studying since I was a kid. I don't give a damn about the results. I only give a shit about the process. I want him to be something.I don't think so.So it's rude to say that I'm the one who picks teachers, and I'm not saying that I'm just looking for an institution to put him in charge for two and a half hours. No, I'm going to see the teacher and see the content, and I'm going to decide whether or not he's going to do it, because I've been watching all his language training before, and then he really learns the level that he is.I don't think so.And I'm not saying let the kid go there for two and a half hours, and then I'll be free for myself. I'll be free for two and a half hours. He'll study all this in the next week. That's why he's got this level of English, so I'm hoping that I can really learn something.	labels:Ok, I understand. I'd like to ask him if you were the one who taught him that at the time?
text:No, it's not.	labels:You've been out there, haven't you? What school is this?
text:What school do you think he's studying at now? Or is he? We're experimenting at East School.	labels:Right? I'm just going to tell you, because you're also saying that it's about the process of improving a child's actual abilities, so that you can tell me that all the little Tofu courses on our side are available.I don't think so.The first thing we're going to tell you is that you're the first teacher, right? We're teaching Little Tofu's head of the entire project department for the foreign language. Saturday and Sunday are written by Cao. Saturday is the head of our new concept project, Mr. Liu Lu, and Sunday is the head of our basic interpretation project, Mr. Zhao Ning.
text:Ok, that's because I'm not in a good place on Sunday, because he has swimming lessons and violin lessons on Sunday, so I'm basically...	labels:Saturday's lesson is the right one, and then it is because it is better for you to learn English all the way except for the child, and then I don't think there's any need for this test, and next Saturday's 9-11.30 a.m., we're going into his little Tofu class, so if you have time, you can bring the child to the classroom for an audition, and then you can have a private conversation with Mr. Liu.
text:Yes. Is it this Saturday?	labels:Saturday morning from 9 a.m. to 11.30 a.m.
text:Don't you have class this afternoon?	labels:There's another one in the afternoon, I'll show you later. It's supposed to be the same as Sunday. It's probably 3:30-6.
text:I prefer the afternoon because the kids have a weekend, and we still want him to sleep a little more. If it was 9 o'clock, because when I called for a customer service consultation, he said there was only a guest on the side of Zhangyang Road. There was still a little distance from the side of the road, so if I was in class at 9 a.m., I'd have the kids up early.	labels:I think it's as if the afternoon class is still open.I don't think so.Then from 9 to 11.30 a.m. last week, then this week this is the second, and then you go to class, because Saturday is an inflow, both in the morning and in the afternoon, and you can choose to bring him here this Saturday, if you feel six.
text:Yes, I'll try, but I'd like to talk to you about it. I'm inclined to be in the afternoon.	labels:That's okay, then I'll check back with you later, because it's 3:30 to 18:00 if I remember correctly.
text:It's okay, I'll try. I'll ask the teacher or whatever. If it's all right, can you send that address to my phone?	labels:Okay, let me tell you something. We're in the 8 million-pur East Foods.
text:In that position, he told me that it was almost 8 million on Jang Road.	labels:Yes, because we have a general general school here, and now you're like Little Tofford, and there are courses like Tofulth overseas that only people's squares, Xu Jiaxuan, and the three campuses with Pudong Quixiang, some of which are not open.
text:It's because I was recommended to me by a friend who taught me at People's Square.I don't think so.I would also like to ask whether the teaching staff of People's Square is relatively powerful.	labels:No, because these three campuses are now general schools, and the teachers in People's Square are basically substituting for the 800th class, which is run by the school system.
text:Okay, I get it, right?	labels:I'll send this campus address to your phone later this Saturday, okay?
text:Okay. Do I need the whole class on Saturday? Because we don't have it this Saturday.	labels:You don't have to listen to the whole thing. If the kids try, you can control the time in half an hour to 45 minutes.
text:Okay, I'd better because we're going to a birthday party with a friend this week, so I basically need to leave early.	labels:All right, basically you'll just have to listen to the first half of the class.
text:Okay, maybe I'll bother the teacher a little later?	labels:Why don't you just take a break in class, like when you're resting in class, and I'll tell Liu.
text:Okay, you tell the teacher what my break might be? It's time.	labels:The break should be around 10 - 10:15.
text:Well, I basically came around 10:10, then I didn't bother the teacher, I didn't interrupt the teacher's class, and then 10:15 told him to hear about 11 o'clock like this.	labels:Okay, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I'll make an appointment for you this Saturday, and then you can come up to me on the 9th floor, okay?
text:Thank you, Mr. Lu, and you'll send me that address again.	labels:Okay, I'm good now.
text:Thank you so much. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:The number you have dialed cannot be reached at this time. Please.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh...	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:It's easy for you to open the oral part of the case.	labels:What about the oral test? Did you pass the written test? How much did you score this time?
text:This time we're almost alike, exactly alike.	labels:It's like after, we're starting now.I don't think so.You wait till you see what's good.I don't think so.Is he going to be an intensive class or an excellent class?I don't think so.No, it's not.
text:Because we haven't been to school in the past, I was just wondering, what kind of class should he be in?	labels:I haven't actually been to school.
text:It just didn't happen.	labels:You haven't even taken the oral test yet, have you?
text:Not at all.	labels:He's supposed to take the test this time in November, right?
text:It's not gonna work until November, is it?	labels:If it's 10.
text:If you haven't had a year, you'll have to take next year's exam.	labels:Because if we were on his side, he would have had four chances in total, and if he could, he could actually try it this time.
text:If you try it, is it a good chance to pass?	labels:Essentially, the probability of passing one-off is very small, and the examination is passed more than twice.
text:That's the way it is.	labels:Middle-level accents are harder to say. Mm-hmm.
text:If you would like to introduce him, he will take the November examination in the second year.	labels:In the second instance, the October examination could actually be tested, so that he could familiarize himself with the entire course, because we also have on our side an enhanced, enhanced oral examination of four test papers before the examination.
text:It's strengthening.	labels:Four enhancements, quite then, were made specifically for the November exam.
text:Don't go on that one yet. Just go on and strengthen yourself.	labels:Then you'll be reinforced and then you'll be given a special oral lecture for a long time.I don't think so.He's in that class, which is basically in December. You see, you're the facilitator's plan. If you think he's a kid, how much does he get for a written test?
text:And we passed just because.	labels:It's pretty good to go through the first two words.I don't think so.And if he says you can say that, let him try the oral test this October.
text:But it's basically impossible, right? Let him try.	labels:It was because of a total of four opportunities, and then by December, the Gold Prize office said he had presented his name, then took this class and then made it clear that he was ready to attack me in March next year.
text:Let me ask you something: I'm going to give up in November, and I don't care.I don't think so.It's got to be four. He said four tests, right?	labels:That's not true. You're not taking the September exam. He's counting from November of this year, and the head office is counting from November of this year, and you're not going to do it, and he's giving it to you once, if I don't.
text:This time it's definitely going to be a test.	labels:So it's better if you try this one, because this one you don't have is a waste of time, yeah.
text:That's right. You suggest I go first.	labels:The gavage is reinforced by four weeks.
text:When does four weeks start?	labels:We start work this week on six weeks, at 8:30 a.m. on Saturdays and at 1-4:00 a.m. on Sundays.
text:I'll see who the teacher is on Sunday. Sunday.	labels:Look at it. It's only time. The teacher can't see it.
text:Sunday at 1:00 p.m. is the last class. It's a class run, right?	labels:At the beginning of November, we saw the beginning of October.
text:When do you start next?	labels:Then it's the accent, then the gold class is the 14th class.
text:The Golden Prize is 14 weeks in a few weeks.	labels:That's what happens next May. Yeah.
text:But I'm sure it's not too much for one time, if it's better for the first time?	labels:Best?
text:If you pass, you'll have to ask questions.	labels:If you pass the gold prize, you don't have to come up here, right.
text:I want you to introduce me to the Golden Prize. When did you start your shift?	labels:The Golden Prize starts in December, and he's in total.
text:What time is December's shift?	labels:He's 6:30 to 9 a.m. Saturday at this time of the week.
text:Evening.I don't think so.Can't you have Sunday at 1:00 without it?	labels:Sunday is not exactly where we are, and in December maybe we're going to have to add classes because we're running only a few classes for the time being, and maybe we're going to add classes because we're going to have more classes, and we're going to have to split into two classes because we're going to have more classes, but that time is not yet set, 6:30:30 to 9:30, and now we're going to have two and a half hours.
text:I wanted to ask how difficult it was this time, but it didn't seem difficult to hear from him, but it didn't seem like he had any good grades, and I don't know what to say.	labels:It is the case that, in general, the written examination of a mid-level interpreter is simple and simple, and the cross-section of the written examination appears to be more alkaline and filtered, but.
text:We don't seem to be very good at it either.	labels:Because he was a junior, it was relatively simple to say that he was actually not very high.I don't think so.It's just over, but it's not as simple as an oral test.I don't think so.The filtration of oral tests is, in relative terms, about a dozen percent of the filters.I don't think so.Yeah, so, in oral tests, you're generally saying that there's very little chance that we're all going through this once and for all.I don't think so.It's almost twice. It's only three times. The oral test is 3,000 yes.
text:The gold prize is 3600. The prize is 14 weeks less 3600, yes.	labels:He's less numerous on his own, less on his class, less on his 1.2, and he's supposed to have a pre-test sprint on his class, and he's likely to have more knowledge than Leo's on the other hand.
text:The image of the word has been reinforced by what has not been heard in the front.	labels:In relative terms, because if you were in this class in October, it was only this class, which was relative, and because of the nature of this class ' s words, the point of knowledge is certainly not as much as 14 years old, but it is more likely to be about dealing with the examination.
text:Which teacher taught you this class?	labels:No, it's not because I just said the teacher didn't see it. I can only see class hours.
text:Teacher.	labels:Is it this class that makes sure to sign up? If I sign up, I'll leave you a quota.
text:You have to ask the children, and know that we didn't report it on your side, either, because we were in the final exam, in the People's Square, but I think it's relative, because we've been on your side before, and I still like your side, so I'd like to put the oral test on your side as well.	labels:He was at the time of the report, and did not give the written test together with the oral test, and repay me separately.
text:Because our kid said that he wouldn't have a newspaper if he didn't pass it, he only gave a written test.	labels:I'm telling you, because we're not on the same side at the usual time, and now it's 500 if we're on the same side. Now, if you're on the same side, it's 6 and 200.
text:My one's full.	labels:It's a card, isn't it?I don't think so.Right.
text:Filled cards can also be used.	labels:The card's just as soon as it's given to you, so there's no more concessions. Okay, thank you. Bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, are you going to ask your parents? I'm a foreign language teacher. I'm going to ask you about the score of the mid-level interpreter's first written exam. I don't know if it's coming out. You can check it out. Okay, I'll see you tomorrow morning when you're done. Okay?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Eight.	labels:Thank you, Mom. Hi, I'd like to ask you guys, 'cause the last transfer I gave you was for tomorrow, and I didn't know you had time for tomorrow.
text:Where are you from? Excuse me, where are you speaking English? What time is tomorrow? Didn't I notice?	labels:It's 3:00, it's 3:40, it's 3:40, because it's not the 3rd of September.
text:Tomorrow's 3:40.	labels:What time is it, 5:40? You're off because I'd like to ask all the students in the class, and if we don't have more people, we'll have to stop school once.
text:We should be.	labels:You can come, you can come, right? Okay, I'll ask the other students. If they can't come, I'll tell you again, okay? Because of us.
text:I'm not here this Friday because we're out.	labels:Okay, I'll ask you how it's all right. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lin Wai Woo.	labels:Hold on a second. Hello. I'm Liaoninghai's mother. I'd like to ask you about the interpreter's exam. We didn't sign up online in July, yes. I'll show it today, because I remember what he said, which day in October he's going to publish on the Internet, and I'll see what he says about the time and date when he announces the test at 10:00 on July 20th, so let's go to the website and reprint the collar.
text:Notice of accreditation.	labels:Yes, he said it was randomly scheduled for half a day on the 5th to the 6th, and I went to the entrance to that site today, but when I did, it was the same as it used to be.I don't think so.So then because.
text:I asked my parents the previous two days, and they said it was as if they were not in a position to get a mid-test.	labels:But the time has not come, and the 5th of February is yet to come.
text:Because if you don't, you're going to come here today, because there's a few points here, and you're wrong tomorrow, and then you're going to come tomorrow, because there's basically their parents in the register, so can you ask the other parents if they've got any?	labels:It does not seem to be an unreceived problem.
text:He's the one who made it.	labels:You go up this yourself, and he has one more thing that I agree with, and then he asks your user to log in, but we remember we didn't even register, but there's no place for this website, and he says if you shouldn't.
text:It was registered, because if you had to be registered before you could be registered, you should have a name and a password, and then all the information would come out.I don't think so.That's what the number is.	labels:Go to the number-one no.
text:Did you forget? Did you get the password back in the past?	labels:I'll get the password back, but I'll remember the user name, too, if I didn't register, I could sign it directly, no.
text:It must have been registered, because at that time the site needed to be registered, and if you had not previously taken the contact examination, it would have to be registered before it could be registered.	labels:That's my user name now, too.
text:I don't remember it without a user name.	labels:He's on a strange page, for example, I'm a new user, and I'm going to find a place to register, and there's no way to sign in.
text:So I'll send you the process that was registered at the time, then you take a look at it, then I'll give you their interpreter's number later, and you'll ask them exactly how they're supposed to operate.	labels:The Interpreter's telephone number coincides with several telephone calls, probably on the weekend.
text:It's supposed to be nobody's today.	labels:Yeah, so you said the registration process. The registration process is good.
text:Why don't I send it to you first.	labels:I'll take another look at it. Okay, I'll send it to me now, because it's in October. He said July 20th, and I'd like to go up and confirm whether it's number 5 or number 6, because there's time for the holidays, and I can't see it right now.
text:I sent it to you, then you look at it. Yes, you'll definitely have to log it in before you can see it.	labels:Okay, I'll think about it again.
text:I sent it to you. Take a look. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mrs. Liu. Hi, I'm Mr. Ally's teacher. How are you, Mr. Liu Xingping? He's got a new concept. He's finished two more classes. If you go to the teacher's office, you'll have a middle school grammar class to read and write.I don't think so.The first class, like ours, is a year or so in which he helps you to sum up all the grammatical points at the junior secondary level and learns 80 per cent of the sentences of one of our grammatical texts that are commonly used.	labels:And I'd still like to comment on him, because we might have some other plans.
text:All right, because the other two students are in the back class, just like the ones in their class, because, considering that you're already in the first class, it's like learning from the second to the second grade, because you know that there's not much time for physics and chemistry.I don't think so.So if you're usually on the first reading, think about it, and then we'll finish our class twice until September 18. If there's anything you can do to contact me by then, then think about it. We'll talk about it later.	labels:Okay, bye-bye. Bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:You haven't, have you?	labels:Hello, it's Wang Mei's little friend's parents. Hello, I'm the teacher of Ally's education. Hello, the kid's new idea. Last week, you were informed of the 17th of October, right?
text:What's a computational error is a delay of how long, from November 3 to the present.	labels:Yes, because the previous teacher's waiting period was not over, there was a further delay on this side, and then there was a normal start of the week.
text:How many times have you delayed this?	labels:I'm really sorry, but I'm going to have to postpone it for a week.
text:Are you ready for class?	labels:We have five or six children on our side, who are normally five children in class.
text:It's like it's the Fourth of July, and the other kids go out and play with a couple of kids. And then it's the same.	labels:There is really no way we can do this right now.
text:You can give him a class like this, but you still have a class? You're dragging us to the end of November.	labels:I'm really sorry.
text:That's good. I just heard you on the phone, and I think it's going to be late again.I don't think so.All right, the last October was October 3, and on October 6, he said it was October 6th, which turned out to be the 17th of October yesterday, and you were wrong 24th of a week for more than 30 days in November, and he was what? Every day, then once a week, and then it was what? A half-calculatory, how many times did you ask him to look at me when he was last in line, and the last time he was in January or months, it took a long time to line up, and it took him a month to drag him over. That's true.	labels:I'm really sorry.
text:Is the rest of our class taking care of us?	labels:Only this class is available because the previous teacher's slotting period is not over.
text:We're dragging this class there.I don't think so.I'm sorry. We saw this class. You're in charge.	labels:That's right, that's true.I don't think so.We'll start next week on a regular basis.
text:Yeah? You wrote that list on October 3rd, what's it about? October 3rd, wrong, September 19th and September what's next.	labels:It says October 3, right.
text:Then on October 3rd and the Fourth of July, the number 6 was changed, and after the sixth, it was said that someone had gone on a trip.	labels:I'm really sorry. We'll be here the next week on the 24th.
text:It's a normal class, and then another phone call will be delayed.	labels:If that happens again.
text:If I've written it a couple of times in another new East or something, you think it's just beginning.	labels:You're really sorry, aren't you?
text:Isn't there a class? There's no class, there's a class like this. They didn't drag anything. We didn't learn anything once. What's your teacher's problem? Why are you dragging us out? Why can't you let us go with those guys first, and then come back in class? You're not delaying our children's studies? You're not worried. What are you doing after we've delayed our progress, and our children's time has been wasted for more than a month, and you can't put us in the classroom?I don't think so.Then the teacher comes back and goes in.	labels:The problem is that some of our teachers didn't come out, so I couldn't do it, and if the mini-class was full of 10 of his little friends, he wouldn't be able to move in any further.
text:The teacher's problem. You're affecting our children's time. The kids' time is overdue, you know?	labels:I know. I know a month.
text:You're wasting your time this month, and it's basically the teacher with a few lessons, and then you come back with the teacher. You have a solution. You can't do this. I'm telling you.I don't think so.I haven't spoken to you twice before, for example, by pressing the number 6 and then turning the number 17 because the number 10 is for class, and now turning the number 17 into the number 24. That's not right, and I think you're late for the baby now.	labels:That's true.
text:Don't you think you're in an educational institution like East Timor? Don't you think it's time for you to waste your children's time?	labels:I'm sorry, but I'm sorry.
text:Now that's how you drag it down. You don't have a solution. 123, you're a teacher. You can't drag our luggage back, you're delaying our children, and I'm delaying our time.	labels:This way we'll lead next week.
text:And let your leaders reflect that you should immediately resolve the matter and come up with it. Is there one of you who is in charge? Is there a solution? Is it wrong for you to delay one week and one week? Is it really wrong for me to think that you are one of you?I don't think so.I understand that you're dragging us right now, wasting our children's time. If that's what we learned, we're learning, we're not learning, we're wasting our kids, really, should you lead you?I don't think so.You tell the leader that our parents are asking that this is not right, that you're wrong, and once we understand you, you're on the 24th of October, because there are two young girls.	labels:I know what you're saying here, but we've both been here and there, and it's true that the teacher's waiting period is not over, so it's only next week.
text:You hire another teacher to take over, and then he comes back.I don't think so.Isn't that why you have substitute teachers everywhere? All right, you can't find them.	labels:We have full classes on Saturdays, no substitute teachers, and we have eight classes on Saturdays in the new concept.
text:You guys wasted our kids, don't you think?	labels:I know, actually postponed back.
text:One class a week, and then you're dragged away from one class, where everyone else's classes are, and our children's time is wasted on you, really.I don't think so.What do you think if you're the parent of a child? You're the parent of a child if you're thinking differently. Do you think you're wasting your child's time?	labels:No, well, parents say we have a lot of lectures in our campus this week, so you can listen to our lectures if you have time for this week, and then we'll have regular classes next week.
text:Let me hear it. Let me hear it. Let me hear it.	labels:Parents and children can listen.
text:It's a child-friendly lecture, right.	labels:It's a child-friendly lecture. You can read it from my friends' circle. We've got a small gift for you. We've got friends in the country.
text:We're in the gym now, and we haven't reached it yet.	labels:You can listen to it first, as well as to the grammar course at the primary level.
text:So you're putting us in Xinjiang I for the first half of a new single, and we're doing it in that team, and he's not wasting it, and you're wasting it, or do you think?	labels:Well, I've got a new concept here, and the bus hasn't finished yet, so if you think it's cool, you can get your kids back on course. It's okay. It's okay. It's okay.
text:It's not that we've been wasting our time today because we forgot the front and the back didn't connect, right?	labels:Yes, I have a lot of classes on Saturday. We'll let you come and listen. You're welcome.I don't think so.You can have time on Saturdays and six weeks on Saturdays.
text:Why don't you send it to me on Saturday? Okay.	labels:I'll have it on Saturday. I'll have it all day. I'll have a class for Star 2 at any time. I'll let the kids hear it for free, okay? Excuse me, sir.
text:Do you think they're just up or on the Internet in the back?	labels:We've got 40 grams. We'll be there by 12:00 on Saturday.
text:Let's not say that we didn't learn last Thursday, and then we didn't learn, because the school had forgotten, and then we should go to primary school and wash it.	labels:It's 9 a.m. to 11.30 a.m. for the kids and the last class. He's at 7:15 in the afternoon. He's off-duty, he's off-duty at noon. Right.
text:Well, that's what I'm asking you to tell me, okay? I'm just making arrangements. Yeah, he wants to know what I mean.	labels:Yeah, well, I haven't been to the new address, have I? I'll send you the new address later? Okay, sorry, we'll see you next week. We'll see you later. We'll see you later.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Ai-woo.	labels:You're on the phone, aren't you?I don't think so.Right.I don't think so.Why don't you do this, Xiaoqing has a roll ruler in his office, and a roll ruler in his office? Then you check that we're close to the class chief's office, and there's a sign on the wall, right?I don't think so.A white board, then black.
text:There's a white version close to the Ben's office, the black one.	labels:The instructions put on the walls, we say, for example, where the teachers are and what they are.
text:You want to measure the length or width of that card?	labels:Just send a micro-mail on it.
text:Good-bye, good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm.	labels:Eleki's Harvard class, for six or seven.
text:I said it's clear.	labels:Today.
text:Hello, Mr. Chow. I'm Mr. Lee from Ally. You just had a class to consult on a new concept, didn't you?	labels:You kids.
text:It's second grade, isn't it?	labels:What class has he studied before?	labels:Did you read Cambridge?	labels:Cambridge, isn't it? What school are you at?
text:What school are you at now?	labels:It's a nice school in Fukuyama, and then I'll look at you.	labels:It's about this.	labels:You're here for the test, aren't you?	labels:Here's the one you said you were.	labels:Well, I'll just eat. Why don't I call back later?
text:It's this phone, my last name is Lee. Just go to Miss Lee.	labels:Okay, I'll call you in five minutes.
text:Okay.	labels:All right, good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lin Wai.	labels:I'm from Nakayama. Hello. Did you just answer the phone? No.
text:Wait a minute. Let me take a look at that watch. You'll be waiting for the golden class, won't you?	labels:The Golden Prize is Saturday afternoon.
text:Right.	labels:He said it was 3:30.
text:Take a look at this for a second.	labels:Star Two's gold prize.
text:3:30, right? 3:30 Saturday afternoon, isn't it? Liu Kuo Ping?I don't think so.Liu Qi Ping filled this class. Is he 3:15 that? Fuller.	labels:It's over, isn't it? Yes, it's over, it's over, some of the students want to change classes.
text:There may be no way.	labels:Okay.
text:Thank you. Thank you. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Dad's in class yesterday, and what doesn't go to school today is yesterday. No, I remember today was wrong, yesterday's class. Yes, we're alive, okay, I know, then come pick it up. Good times. Good times.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:If Yoga's around here, there's a lot of tech on the beach, that's about as much as we do. Where's the other one?	labels:Look at the side of Century Boulevard.
text:It's supposed to be a lot on the street of the century.	labels:And you're going to be able to do line 4 straight down on Century Boulevard. Hello, Mrs. Yee. Where? I think another teacher would like to ask, do you still need a new concept?
text:Where are you from?	labels:You don't need to thank me today. Do you need anything else in English?
text:No, thanks for interrupting. Bye. No more.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Another one. Hello.	labels:Are you the port campus? This way?I don't think so.Right.
text:I am.	labels:It's the mother of the Lion City, we go to the middle exam, you see what they're doing tonight reading this new lesson, and I don't know how the book came out of me, and he says there's no book, and I'd like to ask.
text:Wait a minute. The owner's part of the day, right? You'll get it for them too, won't you?I don't think so.I came to the campus today to pick it up.	labels:Why don't you go over there and get it? Because all the teachers in his herds are carrying these things, and I say we don't seem to have them.
text:It'll be fine if you come earlier. Okay? Thank you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm-hmm.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is Mr. Liu Hae-woo here? Yes, you said.	labels:Try you. I'm an ideal parent, remember? We're here in September for Friday night, Shining Teacher's class.
text:Starling, right? Yeah.	labels:And then I look at this week and I think we're about to get on with our process.
text:You're Ms. Jiang? I called you two times back then. You didn't seem to answer.	labels:Then I didn't know it was possible.
text:360 intercepted something like that, as soon as a dozen passed, it went off.I don't think so.Yeah, 'cause you were in a hurry after you tried. You're going to come in, right? Yes.	labels:I came to class at noon.
text:Some of you are sure you're coming on Friday? You come straight over. I'll help you figure this out, okay?	labels:Tell me about a reason.
text:How many classes did you take? How many classes did you take? Thirty-three?	labels:Make up this school for itself.
text:It's about the same, it's like this, and I'll tell you it's 10,800, and then, like no, you're 10,800 in the big class, and 60 times as many times as you go.I don't think so.Yeah, and then all the books and materials are in it.	labels:Book me.
text:No, he's not the textbook, he's our tutor.I don't think so.Yes, mainly instructional, teaching materials are free of charge, and the main teaching materials are free of charge.	labels:It's based on the number of times.
text:Depends on how many times you've done it. That's probably going to happen in the next few months, because there's about six months left.	labels:Half a year, maybe half a year, 'cause that's 90 grams.
text:You're just going to look at the progress in the form, and if you're here, just check it out.	labels:Let me see if I can give it to you.
text:I can watch for you, like next summer.	labels:The same goes for the deletions.
text:Yeah, but we'll be on vacation. We'll be off in the week of the year.I don't think so.Yeah, they're all gone. Yeah.	labels:When did you change to 10,800 because I remember 9,800.
text:Right? That's the price for his class now.	labels:Its October, and its October.
text:Because I told you at the time that the cost of the class could be 9,800, but that's what it was.	labels:Yeah, you got any concessions.
text:It's the cards you say are the most cost-effective and the right thing to do. The cards are the most cost-effective, and there are two kinds of VIP cards, 20,000 for 2000 and another, 30,000 for 4000.	labels:How?
text:That's the amount of the advance, you charge 222,000 for it, and then you use it from 30,000 to 34,000.	labels:Right on the line.
text:I know you're right, but when you come here this week, I'll tell you more about it. Bye-bye, it's class 6 on Friday. You'll be there 15? This one's six.	labels:At 8 o'clock.
text:8:30. All right, bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Isn't that right? Good for you, I saw you send me a message. Did you say that the 13th exam was a written examination for a mid-level interpreter? Yes, you didn't get it here?	labels:No, his test seemed to mean that he had not been able to obtain it until two days earlier.
text:It's the test time that counts, but you're supposed to be sure when you sign up for the test.	labels:The 13th test is the point of reference.
text:If you point it at me, you have to look at the test.	labels:He's got lots of games a day, right?
text:Right.	labels:What's usually called a couple of hours?
text:The total number of exams is 150 hours, not 150 minutes. Radio.	labels:Yes.
text:You're going to have to bring your own radio, and then you're going to have a special campus FM.	labels:I can use the radio when I get the test, can't I?
text:One day, they knew that they had access to an accent that could be tuned on the 29th of September.	labels:Can you adjust to September 29?
text:But I don't know when you can adapt to the middle-level interpretation of your middle-level interpreters.	labels:Because one or two days ago I signed up.
text:There's supposed to be one on the website.I don't think so.You now open the path to your registration at that time, and when the login password is entered, you can see that there should be a tone time on them.	labels:You used to say the teacher gave you a time? It's like the teacher told you, maybe some of them don't need a radio.
text:I think you're still carrying it, in case the whole exam is 150 minutes anyway.	labels:Okay.
text:Thank you. Okay, bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Yang Tree's new mom? I'm Longley's teacher. I'd like to ask if we're about to start our class in September.	labels:What time are you talking about?
text:You're the youngest son? You're going to get a new idea, right? Friday night or Sunday afternoon.	labels:How long does that mean how long is an hour and a half or how long?
text:Two.	labels:Two and a half hours.
text:Then you'll have to arrange for a new concept two?	labels:So you're going to say two and a half hours down once a week? Yeah. I'm going to go over there.
text:Well, if you'd better start this week, let me see if this week is next Friday. Are you going to choose Sunday or Friday? Friday is next Friday, so that's next Friday.	labels:I've been going for two days.
text:I'll see you tomorrow day after tomorrow. All right, I'll see you then.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hi, it's Kwok Jingjing's mother. I'm a foreign language teacher. I'm going back to your oral exam.	labels:We did the last time we took the written exam.
text:You guys are waiting for the exam this year, aren't you?	labels:Yes, when can we report? October 16th. October 16th night, right? Right.
text:Okay, and then you read it in your speech class, right?	labels:We're in the paper, but we don't have time to read it.
text:There's no time to read. Well, does this test go straight? Because we have an intensive course, which is four times before.	labels:We're running out of time.
text:There's no time? Okay, you'll remember that name. The 16th to the 24th will be closed. Okay, bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Your number is offline, please.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh...	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:It's time to get out of here.	labels:So say the last 656.
text:Hello, is the mother of Ju Su-man? Hi, I'm Mr. Ali Yang. You're right, because they've been in class for over a month, and I called you to help you return to your class, like I asked you about the whole class, and you think the whole class is still pretty good, and his whole job and his whole class is a lively one, and his speech is positive.I don't think so.I think he took a leave of absence once, huh?	labels:Yeah, one time I ran in on Mid-Autumn.
text:And if I have time, if you can, please contact our teacher, Mr. Liao, so that he can fill you in as soon as possible with a similar lesson.I don't think so.Also, we have recently had a lecture that Mr. Lee informed you about in the class.I don't think so.We have recently had excellent primary school curricula, as well as taboos and lectures from small workshops.	labels:That's all I've seen, isn't it?
text:In fact, I suggest that you take part in it, because the whole English-language learning process behind him will be explained and will be relatively helpful for him throughout the rest of his studies.	labels:Okay, when's the lecture?
text:The lecture is this.	labels:What about weekends, Saturdays or Sundays or weekends?
text:Six weeks? When are you better off? Let me see what I've just said.	labels:It's on Saturdays. When did you get on Saturdays?
text:Saturdays? Saturdays for moms, Saturdays for primary English, Saturdays for 1:30 to 4:30.	labels:It's not English in the afternoon. Isn't it the same thing? Is every one different or what?
text:Can you do it on Sunday? 1:30-2.30 on Sunday.	labels:What is it?
text:It's a tofu talk.	labels:Little Tofford, I don't think there's any need to import a little conflict, do I?
text:It's a bit of a problem for him. Well, because we're at school this week. Let me tell you, we've recently reported a new one because it's when you signed up, and now we're going to have a big margin of benefit this week.I don't think so.If you sign up now and say we're all on a preferential basis, let me talk to you in advance.	labels:Okay, he's coming to class this week anyway.
text:Okay, I'll see you later, okay? Good-bye.	labels:I'm dying.	episode_done:True
text:Why don't you test it? No, no, no, no, no, no. Just think about what they're using.I don't think so.They are.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Miss Cheung?	labels:I'm Lee Xiaoqing, right? Right.
text:Hi, I just got an e-mail, which means you've got an upgrade on your side, the living room, because yesterday I confirmed to you that we stopped two classes.	labels:Now two sections versus two sections now.
text:But that e-mail was received in third class.	labels:The third class's right.
text:Why don't you check with the penitentiary and send it back again?	labels:No, and what do you say about this situation? Is this e-mail for parents?
text:No, we need to know if we're sure it's going to stop this morning, because I'm telling you it's going to stop, right? And then it's going to stop, but it's going to stop, so it's going to be okay.	labels:Mr. Lee, you're going to go talk to your parents and stop the party this afternoon.
text:I mean, we're going to see an e-mail with the Academy, so if you're sure about the class in the morning, you can talk to the Academy and let him send it back.I don't think so.Because otherwise, the professor thought you had to stop your party class. You didn't stop. You'd have to report it to you.	labels:Got it, all right.
text:Why don't you tell him I'll send it back later and we'll make sure we call again, okay?	labels:All right, I got it.
text:Okay, thank you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Come out and report back, right? You'll be fine for the next two days.	labels:Is it Wu Jun and Mom? I'm the other teacher. Did you pass the written test? We're talking fast.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Hello. Hi. Would you like to ask if Mr. Wang Hainan is here?	labels:I'll do it.
text:We're $1.82 now.	labels:Three-storey rental housing.
text:Hello, Miss Wang, I'm here to call the center.	labels:It's supposed to be the 20th of September.
text:September 27th? No.	labels:I remember we had an update. Didn't you get the form? It's not the latest.
text:Maybe.	labels:It's not that you might have come, it's not the latest, because I've followed him. He signed up. He should have followed this form a long time ago.
text:Because I called my parents and said I signed up, so I didn't find anything. I was wondering if it was 6,800, right?	labels:That's right, 6800.
text:Including diplomacy, right?	labels:Right.
text:Do you still have a subsidy for diplomacy?	labels:Subsidy is not a bonus or anything. It's like there was a registration before August 30th, 31st, but I don't know if you're the same as us. You can ask your supervisor.
text:And then I didn't ask if you had it now, because I'm here to report it.	labels:This man wasn't there, and, yes, by 31 August, I remember the last time I said that.
text:Okay, bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Hello. I'm another teacher. There's an English-advised course here. Would you like to know if you need it now? Sorry, wrong number.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Who knows.	labels:You let him show up quickly, I think he's in charge now, and he's not mad anyway.
text:The end was in the store like, uh, I had an event.	labels:Then you want to.
text:Why can't I go to work? I'm not going to work.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hello.
text:It's Peng Fai's parents, isn't it?	labels:I'll just be a minute.
text:I'm another teacher. You've been in a new concept class before, right?	labels:Yeah, you do now, don't you?
text:Do you need anything else now?	labels:I don't need any more.
text:Thank you for your English class here. Anything else you need?	labels:Nothing.
text:Sorry to bother you, bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, your caller is on the phone.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I asked all the neighborhoods. What's the problem? Okay. 30 o'clock this morning.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Not happy anymore.	labels:You can't talk on the phone for long, and you're off the phone. Hello.
text:It's Oh Joon-suk's mom, right?	labels:Right.
text:I'm Ollie, a foreign language teacher, and your grades are up, right?I don't think so.And here's the thing. Would you like to ask about your interpretation test this year?	labels:I signed up. I signed up.
text:It's signed up.	labels:Isn't it Saturday for the chat class?
text:You've already got a hard-on? Okay, but the other thing is, the teacher told me about you and he added you. You know what?	labels:Yes, one is the new class teacher.
text:Shouldn't Mr. Gu have a hard-on for Saturday? Okay, that's it? Mm-hmm. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mr. Lee.	labels:Is Mr. Kwok here?
text:Is there anything wrong with his day off?	labels:Yeah, it's okay. I'll see him tomorrow.
text:If anything happens, leave a contact with your mother, and I'll let Mr. Kwok follow you.	labels:It doesn't matter. I'll call him tomorrow. He'll be working tomorrow, right? Is he working tomorrow?
text:If you don't call again tomorrow, thank you so much.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:It's Wang Xiao-eun's mother? Hello, I'm another class teacher from the W campus, so I'll let you know that we're starting our new concept class on Sunday. It's 3:30-6:00, and then I can't do it at 3:30.
text:I told the teacher 3:30 isn't good. 3:30 we're not finished.	labels:Time's not good.
text:We're still in elementary school at 3:30, and we're not finished yet.	labels:What time is it? It's 3:30.
text:I'll be there at least a minute or so, and we'll be there.	labels:Would it be possible to delay it by 15 minutes? From 3:45 to 6:15.
text:What's 3:00? 3:45-6. 6:15. 6:15.3.45.	labels:Forty-five, huh?
text:Yeah. Four o'clock, okay?	labels:At 4 p.m., because of this, I want to talk to the other parents and ask them if they can, after all, because Sunday is not Friday, because Friday is probably a little late after class, because Sunday is a good time, and if I want to change it to 4 p.m., I want to talk to the other parents.
text:You've been talking about we've been gone for about 15 to 20 minutes, okay, so maybe if there's a little bit of delay or something else, maybe it's delayed.	labels:Okay, so I'll talk to the other two parents and I'll call you back.
text:A few people in this class.	labels:Now he's three.
text:A couple of kids, three of them, bye-bye.	labels:We're in a mini-class of 10, we're in a class of three, we're in a class of 10, but not more than 10.
text:This class is not a teacher which company is now.	labels:Class teacher? Teacher Chen Yiu Liang.
text:Mr. Chen Yiu Liang.	labels:He's good. He's a teacher at our primary school project department. He's been teaching us for a long time, a very experienced teacher.
text:Yes, because I came to my last sister's family's name was Li Ke Fung.	labels:He's on Friday night, isn't he?
text:They came and they haven't signed up yet.	labels:He's almost finished with the new concept one.
text:Know that his second semester wasn't a fucking sign-up.	labels:Yeah, it hasn't been reported yet.
text:Okay, let's talk about it first. Let's see what we can do at 4:00, shall we?	labels:All right, I'll tell the other parents, like, did I just give you a little credit? You give me a little credit. Okay? We'll have a microblogging group, we'll send a homework or something.
text:Where are you? I forgot what you said.	labels:I'm the class chief.
text:The class chief, right? Yeah.	labels:I will issue a notice for the opening of the course, which includes the time of the course, the content of the course, or the time of the course, and the attention that needs to be paid to something.
text:I'll send anything.	labels:Two and a half.
text:Two.I don't think so.Two-and-a-half hours, how far do you think Dapper Road is to reach you? About 15 to 20 minutes.	labels:What's your nebula on the road?
text:At the offshore beach.	labels:It's Long Wah East Road.
text:Opura Road, there. Uh-huh.	labels:Long Wah East Road, Tai Po Road, our words are also on Tai Po Road.I don't think so.Right.
text:Should be too far over w6628.	labels:It should be close. You know the address. You've been here before.
text:I know where you are, but I haven't counted how long I'm going, okay.	labels:I'll talk to the other two parents about putting it at 4:00, then I'll call you back. Can I call you back if I can or can't? Yes, and I'll write you a letter.
text:Okay, that's it, good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Ms. Zhang? Hello, I'm responding in English to the schoolteacher. I'm getting a message from you that you want to ask your little friend about the new concept. Right, because I see where he's reading about 100,110 lessons.
text:We've invited one of them to be a two-to-two private tutor, because it's a class that's not up yet, so we're stopping, but I don't want to stop, so I'm thinking.	labels:Let's see what school he's in.I don't think so.It's fourth grade, right? Mom's gonna bring him over here for a test, and I'll see if he's the new one.
text:I think it might be a little difficult to read a new two, and maybe a new one was just a summer break this year.	labels:One summer took 110 lessons, right? That's a little fast.
text:This is soon equal to Monday from the beginning, and it is now beginning with a section of 66 lessons.	labels:How long is a class for six?
text:An hour and a half.	labels:Six lessons in an hour and a half. You guys are super fast. We only have four lessons in two and a half hours.I don't think so.Okay, you either bring him over.
text:The front is quick, but it is now one class, one hour and a half, two or two sessions, two sessions at a time, the first half of the front is quick, and the second half starts a section two times slow, and now lasts three times a week.	labels:The last three times was very powerful, and he recited everything.
text:Yes, the text is not the same as the text of each day. Two texts a day. Good.	labels:This one's fast, or you'll see when I can get you a date. All right, bring it over for a test.
text:When.	labels:You see when it's convenient.
text:We'll take three days off. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.	labels:Four and five, right?I don't think so.I'll either show it to you or I'll give you an appointment at number 5.
text:Good. Not on the morning of the 5th.	labels:No. 5 in the morning? Well, look at 4-5. We all have people anyway. Look at what time you can, because it's mostly up to you.
text:I'll be fine on the 4th, I'll be close to you, or how long are you going to test the 4th on the 11th?	labels:A little more than half an hour.
text:So it's 10:30:30, right?	labels:I'll give you an appointment at 4:10:30, then you bring him over for testing, and I'll send you the address on your phone, okay?
text:All right, that's it. Come on, let's see who we're looking for.	labels:I'll be fine. I'll take care of you. Good teacher. Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, Mom? Hi, I'm Mr. Ored. I'd like to ask you if we're going to start speaking tomorrow.	labels:There's no time for Sunday afternoons.
text:Sunday afternoon.	labels:We're all full. I've been really busy these days.
text:It's actually pretty late on Saturday night.	labels:Saturday night we're 6:15-8:15 in the house.
text:You're in class.	labels:We've already started physics and chemistry.
text:That's Sunday, afternoon or noon, right?	labels:You must be in the afternoon for half a day, and in the morning we'll have to read after 11.30 and just finish math.
text:It's 12:30 to 15:00, and it's 3:30 to 18:00.	labels:Also after 6 o'clock.
text:You mean if we start in October or November, we'll have to start right away, right?	labels:We can do it. We can do it later.
text:Or your family lives around here too.	labels:Right.
text:Let me see if it's the 4th of September or the beginning of October.	labels:We can, because we don't have anywhere else to choose. We can.
text:Do you have time for today or tomorrow?I don't think so.If you come here once, you will be the first one here, because if you need to set a time, I'll set the time for you to come out and help you recruit at your own time, so that you can get three.	labels:Okay, we've got you later? 'Cause we're not gonna start school until we've all started, and then I'm gonna blow it all up, and now that you're gonna open the door, you're definitely not gonna be able to do it, right? And I'm gonna read it on your side anyway. I'm out of power.
text:I'll give you this class when you're set.	labels:September.
text:It's set for mid-September.	labels:It was scheduled for mid-September, because there are still many schools that have not yet started, and one that can be taken slowly after this long leave.
text:All right, I'll set you up in this room, and then I'll get three people to start your shift. Okay, that's it. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Good afternoon.	labels:Welcome to the number one guest service hotline.
text:Work number 7130 at your service.	labels:I'm sorry, I just made a note, but my address was wrong. Can you change it for me?	labels:The payee's phone is.	labels:13818873973.I don't think so.Right.	labels:Today it's beautiful, then meria or something. It's $101.8.	labels:That's right. That's right.	labels:If we help you change your address, I'll look at it. It's from Shanghai. Is it from Shanghai? Yes. If we change your address from Shanghai, we need your consignee's number.	labels:I'm fine with the call. I'll add now. Can you open an invoice for me? Yes. I'll change my cell phone bye.	episode_done:True
text:What's missing?	labels:It's the bank card off.
text:Hello. Are you Sun Ho's parents?	labels:It's the bride.
text:I'm Mr. Wu of the 8 million students from the University of Angry. I don't know if it's you or his mother who contacted me.I don't think so.Maybe.	labels:Yeah, it's all his mom's deal with beauty.
text:I don't know, because I didn't know it was a picture of a girl, a picture of a lady.I don't think so.Then I'll contact you about his next course or him.	labels:You're in touch with him.
text:You don't want to give me another call, because I found you in the school system.	labels:There were only 139,139,177,174,463,406,6340 in two possible systems, right?
text:Can I call Mom?I don't think so.Okay, that's it. Thank you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hi, it's Ban Qi Wen's mother. I speak foreign language, Mr. Wang. Did you call to think about the Tofu break-up class on Saturday and need it now?
text:The last time I called, I asked if I could split you up, I could split you in four, I could probably not read you in four, I thought I'd pay part of the way, you said you'd answer me, and I didn't think about it, right?	labels:You're going abroad after high school, right?
text:No, I'm not going abroad.	labels:Now. You're not going abroad, are you? You want to read this part.
text:Yes, because the base readings were good for my daughter over there, and he wanted to improve his abilities, and he wanted to ask him if he wanted to break through, and he said he could do it.	labels:A breakthrough is a year too. How come there's no time to read it?
text:We now have a lot of homework in our second year, and sometimes there is something to be taught in our school, so it would take almost a year to say that we could read four parts.	labels:Yes, and he can do that. You can read two modules at regular times, then put them in the holidays, and you can read them during the summer holidays.
text:I can't do it because it's a holiday. I could actually read it this summer, but I spend the summer every year because it's a science class like metrology.	labels:Isn't that right?
text:That's right, so I'm going to go out every year on your end of the summer, one day after another, because there's always a conflict.	labels:If you break through now, you'll certainly be useful to your high test when you report it, especially hearing and speaking.I don't think so.Well, then you can read and write, you can do it, you can do it after the exam. He doesn't have a time limit.
text:If you read this later, you'll probably never read it again.	labels:So you don't read Tofu? Yeah, can you think about it in the medium term? In the medium term.
text:We've all read it on your side, and we've already done it, and there's another oral exam that hasn't.	labels:You didn't tell me about the test class? There's one in December.
text:December, huh?	labels:Yeah, there's a golden class.
text:We are participating in April next year.	labels:Right.
text:I have to ask my daughter, because he wants to go to the November exam?	labels:Can you try it? Did you guys go to the exam?
text:The exam didn't go.	labels:For the first time, you can go to the naked test and get acquainted with the process. But this year, do you sign up?
text:Not yet.	labels:Not yet, not yet. Then the test will come out. Yes. This year's written test is late. You'll have to take the written test. You'll go with them. They won't do the test this fall.
text:I should find out where, you don't have to.	labels:Isn't it true you passed all your written exams?
text:You're me right.	labels:When did you take the exam?
text:I took the written exam last year.	labels:I had an exam last year without it.
text:Not going on.	labels:Missed it once, didn't you?
text:For one miss on the other.	labels:Last year's exam wasn't right, was it this spring?
text:It's supposed to be this spring. Ban Qi-Won did your exam this spring. Middle. Last September.	labels:This is your third chance. You can take the test.
text:Try it, huh? I've already done it for the third time.	labels:Yeah, you last took the test in September.
text:I'm confused. Yeah.	labels:He can do it four times in two years.I don't think so.Four tests, but you'll have time for a naked one, but it's not a very big one, and it's a very low pass rate, especially when you say you think he's going to do the same, and then you'll see if you want to do it again, and you'll report for a good oral test.
text:What's it gonna be about?	labels:It's for the test.
text:Right.	labels:This part is specifically devoted to interpretation.I don't think so.Right?
text:If I say so, I'm going to sign up for it myself. That's right.	labels:Sign yourself up.
text:I'm gonna keep an eye on his website.	labels:I've seen you in two days, because he's probably off for 11 days, and this year is later than last year.
text:Then we'll be able to report it.	labels:Yeah, and then you go for the exam.
text:Okay.	labels:And do you think about the rest of your classes? Do you think about grammar reading and writing?
text:This may not be considered.	labels:Because I think you're good at it, or you're good at it, or you're good at it, or you're good at it, or you're good at it.
text:Yeah, well, maybe you don't have an exam there.	labels:It's not much for you to read the Tofu breakthroughs. It's hard for you to learn some of those very biased terms, and we're not special when you're a kid, when you're an adult.
text:Later on, college will be fine.	labels:If you're interested in college, you can take a test, but if you can get a Tofu test, it'll be useful in the future, if you get a better one.
text:Because we're not thinking about leaving the country, we can do it at home.	labels:Even if you don't leave the country, you'll be useful for one of your futures, so why do some of these high school students now go to test, some go abroad, some to improve their abilities?
text:When I think about going to the paper together, I feel like I'm going to go to the class when it doesn't work.	labels:If you're alone with a brother, we haven't been here.
text:Nothing's right.	labels:Because it's the whole course, you're breaking it up. Yeah, maybe it's not special.
text:No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.	labels:I think you're going to read a few parts.
text:I don't know if I can give him time to read a few parts and read a few parts.	labels:How about you sign up?
text:If you sign up, for example, what starts with reading, will I read this part first?	labels:I don't think that's a good idea. I can try asking for you.I don't think so.Because there's really no one, no one.
text:That's because we're special, because the point is that there's no time. If there's time, my daughter likes English, right?	labels:Because of our English.
text:I've always read it on your side. I haven't been anywhere. I've read it up to now.	labels:Yeah.
text:I've always read English on your side.	labels:Okay, I can try asking. Okay.
text:We've been reading English since the beginning. I've introduced you to a lot of his classmates, haven't I?	labels:Do you know who's in the class?
text:We're all changed now. I don't even know the class chief. Wasn't Mr. Dee here?I don't think so.When I sent him a message the other day, during the summer, he said he was on leave the other night, right?	labels:It's like he's pregnant. Yeah.
text:He says he's not at work, so I think we're in there, and then your class director changes. No.	labels:The main reason is that Mr. Dickie is Ben, who went to the Golden Bridge, where he was transferred, and then another teacher, who is pregnant.I don't think so.Now the other teacher on our side is taking these special classes.
text:I'm not sure anymore.	labels:It's not especially man-made. It's because of force majeure, right?I don't think so.You can understand that, but if you find us, we can take care of it for you. Okay, I can try asking our supervisor. Okay, okay.
text:Because I'm not saying what I'm trying to do, because we've been on your side with English, right? I think he's willing to have time, so let's go? There's no way.	labels:Because high school is just as much high school as you are, because there's basically more high school if you go to Tofu.I don't think so.It's good for once a week, you just fix that once.
text:Now that he's been out there all Sunday, and he's got school stuff to do on Saturdays, it's a bit tiring, isn't it? It's better in other classes because it's English, isn't it?I don't think so.Yes, so it's not a problem to speak English to deal with school stuff.	labels:But it would have been good if he had had a high test, especially if he had been able to raise his scores in English, and especially if they had been able to reform English this year, it would have been good to hear that this would have been 50 points.
text:It's not that hard to say. Because my daughter speaks well, because she's always at home and she often spells it.	labels:Otherwise, you'd be even better off if you were better.
text:Right? He often listens to the play and what he listens to, he insists on it every day, he listens at night, and he hears well, and he can get first sometimes in his class.	labels:Yeah, that's good. I'll ask you later, so I'll call you back in a couple of days.
text:How's it going?I don't think so.First you learn math there, then there's a flat high school mother who tells me, and I introduced him to you. He's on your side now, isn't he?	labels:Ah, what's your name?
text:I forgot all the names. They seem to have gone to the Chinese exam this time, but they haven't studied the translator, and he says he went to the exam, and he says it's hard when he gets to the exam.	labels:He didn't learn to be sure that the interpreter felt the hardest to translate.
text:I learned a few parts of it for others.	labels:The translator is in China and you should know about it. Thank you very much. I'll go and ask for it. Okay, bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa	labels:I don't know. I don't know. I don't know.I don't think so.Hi, it's Kim Young's parents. Hello, I'm speaking English. I'm sorry, I was wrong, I'm sorry, because I wanted to hit you, and I saw that I spoke to you yesterday, right? Sorry to see you again.	episode_done:True
text:Following the class and then going up to December, a new concept of Sunday morning was taken together, and it would be possible to transfer to the 12:30 class on Sunday if not to do so, but the class had taken several classes.	labels:Hello, Julie's parents. I'm the teacher of Ali's foreign language. Is that correct?I don't think so.I mean, you're in middle-syntax class at 8.8 million dollars, right? It's Friday night, isn't it?I don't think so.And now you're talking about four classes, and then you want to go back to one of the children's studies. How does school feel?
text:How do you feel about your old general health school? Yeah, you look at him, he's in the same school.	labels:They're pretty good, aren't they?I don't think so.Okay, and then there's one more, three silent scores, basically good grades, every one of them progressing, the last one full, the last one is pretty good, and you're in second grade now, aren't you?I don't think so.And then later, do you have the courses you need? Is there not there yet? Do you seem to report only one grammar? Yes, and then, for those of you who are in junior high school, we have a lecture on Saturdays that is relevant to English studies, so I wonder if you have time to come over and listen to English-speaking lectures, and he's not free.	episode_done:True
text:Buh, I mean the problem, too.	labels:Hello, Master Wong Lin? Hello, I'm a teacher at the College of Henrivelda.
text:That's right.	labels:I didn't have an appointment with you two days ago to test if you didn't have time to come.
text:The day before yesterday didn't come.	labels:Do you have time to come in these two days?
text:Not for a while now.	labels:Are we not going to class now? We're going to start a lot of new classes next week.
text:Not now.	labels:What's the reason?
text:Because we also have a friend in the neighborhood next to us, he said he'd wait a while to look at it.	labels:Okay, okay. Call me when you need to. Okay. Bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Please speak, Your Highness.	labels:Is this Anly? Yes. I'd like to ask you about our little friend who's just in third grade. Do you have anything in English for your training?
text:Yes, you've just been promoted to third grade. What school is it?	labels:Huang Po.
text:Foreign language primary school? I'd like to ask Mom if you've taken the corresponding English course to him before? Never. So, we've got a class in Sbsran recently, including all the new concepts.	labels:I don't think there's much time for today. I'm sure you can come after school. Will you work after 4.30?
text:Tomorrow's the day at work. Tomorrow's the day off.	labels:No holidays tomorrow, class tomorrow.
text:Class's up.I don't think so.I think if you don't mind tomorrow, he can come tomorrow afternoon after school.	labels:Come over and do a test first.
text:For Sb s and the new concept, you're both quite fit for live. Let's see what it's about. Which one is better.	labels:Well, because I have money friends who're trying to calculate the new concept, if we're going to do it, right?
text:Right from the beginning.	labels:There's a shift.
text:There's a new shift now.	labels:When's the start of the shift?
text:We still have a lot of classes, see when you have more time, when you have more time, when you have more time, when you have more time on weekends, when you have no time, or when it's easier?	labels:On weekends, we're on a Saturday night at 12 noon, none of the others.
text:Any other time, right? So why don't I give you a test time, okay?	labels:Let's see if I'd like to get a new idea. Tomorrow's Sunday. Right. Sunday, I'll see what time he gets off tomorrow, then I'll come over. What time do you get off?
text:We're working late, not very early. Okay.	labels:So that's 4.30:30.
text:Is that right? So Mom can leave me a phone?	labels:I also registered it online, 139139161651.
text:1651 right? 5759 right? Okay.	labels:Mom, what's your last name?
text:Ms. Chan, right?I don't think so.Okay, so I'll make an appointment with you after 4.30 p.m. tomorrow, and then I'll have a teacher who'll contact you, and then you'll make sure you're there. If you visit, give the kid a test, if you can, because we have a friend who learns new ideas.I don't think so.Do you know what your name is?	labels:He's not in this area. He rented it on South Spring North Road.
text:South Spring North Road? It doesn't matter. You can report it, right?	labels:His name is Song Woo Khin.
text:Isn't Song Woo-hyun the boss of Po is Woo Woo-wen's	labels:Physics is modesty.
text:Isn't that modest? Okay, I'll call you later. Okay, bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:We'll be back in half an hour.	labels:He said he wanted to do his job, but he's in fifth grade because he's probably a little busy lately, and you can't add it.
text:Or what? Because what you were about to send was changed on the 25th and the 20th.	labels:Hold on a second.
text:I'll open it. If I don't have a computer right now, I'll have to go in the back.	labels:Wait a minute and I'll see if there's any discount.I don't think so.Twenty thousand is a thousand.
text:It's not a problem. You're like me now.	labels:All right, all right, well, then we'll take a 100-cent test in the West and tell the middle-level interpreter not to do so as soon as possible. If you go from primary school to college for a month, you can expect him not to recommend a situation like this, but if you simply want you to give yourself as much as you can if you run out of the vent as you can if you have a profit.
text:On the 20th of September, at the time of the incident, there were two buttons of 20,001, showing the citizen ' s VIP cards at 20,000 and 300,000 pairs.	labels:Decrease of 10,100 for 20 February of the year.
text:No. Send it down.	labels:That's the way it should be.
text:And you seem to have changed on September 24th.	labels:Okay, 20 for you.
text:Kari but look at you.	labels:At the time.
text:It's 22, 000, right? And then you sent it down on the 25th and it turned into five, and it turned into 43,500.	labels:And then basically he said that his kids were coming, and I thought about what happened, and we're on our side every day.
text:That's because I didn't look at it because we were on a plane that day, and I didn't look at it. When I came back, I was at home, because it might not be the same if I had two on my home and campus computer, and I just filled it out the day before, so that's the problem.	labels:Because we're right, if that's the case for 44 years, I can't change it right now, but say yes.
text:Why can't I change it?	labels:Because.
text:So, because of this, it's because when I came here, 8 million people came here, and I didn't even take part in these trainings, and I don't know about it, and now I'm saying I'm going to take my side and I'm going to know it now, and then, because after all, I'm going to make it, and I'm going to apply for it for you, and if you're going to be able to say that it's pretty bad because it's one thing next month, and then I'm going to think you're going to say it's the best thing next month, and if it's not, whether I know it or not, I'm going to do it wrong, and then it's okay, but I'm going to say it's still to you.I don't think so.Yes, because his phone calls are endless.	labels:Okay.
text:I see. Thank you very much. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Eight, the number you have dialed cannot be reached for the time being.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lin Wei-woo. I'm from the Commissary. Here's a weekend class. Can you check it out for me?I don't think so.It's 143452 weeks of Chinese grammar. It's Saturday, Saturday morning. 9 - 11.30, the class is finished by the in-law teacher-in-law. Yes, it's fine.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I still promise. Hello. Your call is on the phone. Please call later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Okay.	labels:Thanks for letting me in.
text:Hi, Yuan Myung Ho, it's Teacher Lee. Are you asking for a lecture?	labels:Yeah, like I'm online.
text:But I'm telling you, let me tell you something, Mr. Wong, the two of you are more suitable for a lecture by Mr. Liu Yu.I don't think so.That's right, because from that point of view of our primary school, we're mainly looking at Harvard and SDS.	labels:Right.
text:I'll show you, yeah, so I'll call you right now and tell you about this.	labels:Right.
text:Because I'm not right to see you both sign up, because you are yourself. You're writing lectures in English in primary schools, English in primary schools, and what they're saying is Harvard and sbs, and we're right about that. It's Star Two, Star One, and this class starts at 1:00:00.	labels:I'm right. That's what kids do when they're in class. That's right.
text:Because when I look at you in the right time, you can't do that either. You don't have to do that. Yeah, and then I'll tell you something. Because, you know, your class is special, because you signed up at the time, and I remember when you signed up, right?I don't think so.Now that your class has reached its full size, then there are a few uncoupled, and a few of Mabel's students at the time had the same kind of cards, and they chose the class of Star 2 directly and should have been Miss Wu.	labels:Mr. Wu taught right.
text:So, because we have a school festival on the 17th and 18th, yes, you'll talk to Mr. Huang's mother. Are you two kids finished this week or are you going to read to this teacher?I don't think so.It's still this time.	labels:Yeah, yeah, if that's the way it is.
text:Because I'm telling you that all of our cards are now 20,000 for 1,000, and I remember when you came over for the cards, I told you 23,000, 2000 right? In October, all cards were 20,000 for 1,000, then only 800 classes, and this school event was 25,000 for 25,300 for 5,000.	labels:Right.
text:Because if you're sure to read it, you're sure this time it's a good one, because all the cards after the end of the 18th are set at 20,000, and you two were here at the time, like 15,000, and Starling had already raised the price last time, 16,000, so I'm afraid there's gonna be an increase in the class behind him.	labels:That's right, I'll ask him about it.
text:Yeah, because after all the time you've been reading, you think it's nice here.	labels:Right? It's okay, yeah.
text:Because the point is, I'm afraid your class will go on, and then someone will pick it up and you won't be able to choose.	labels:Come on, come on, come on.
text:And then I'll make you an appointment, and I'll call him later, but you two talk about it. Okay, we'll talk when you come.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:83135.835.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mom.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I'm not telling you that women see each other, or if he does, he tries everything.	labels:But it's the same thing, but you're a boyfriend now.
text:Guo's got a shift you're running, right? What does he mean? He's set up a shift and doesn't want him to put money on it, right?	labels:It's scheduled for the pre-school. All right, I got it.
text:Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Your call is on the phone.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Li Wei Woo. We have a meal and bone soup or something downstairs at the Tianwoo Business Building. Okay, I'm coming down. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:They're all off-duty, so let's put some water under the air-conditioning drums if you don't want to. Air-conditioning and electric scans. No. I'll do whatever my aunt and my brother are supposed to do today's sisters. The doctor must be resting.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:Okay.	labels:You want to touch the big white bugs? Hello, is this Seo Yilan's parents? Hello, I'm the teacher of the Angry foreign language, and here's what I'm doing because I'm doing a score, a middle-level interpreter, because your little friend is not waiting for you. I'm here because there are two Xu Yi Lam.
text:Now.	labels:You should've signed up for the second grade. I'd like to know how much it's been for the kids' mid-level interpreter's written exam.
text:192 wow.	labels:192's still pretty high. If you're here, can you tell me on the kids' three lists?
text:One single item, I think, sounds like hearing is 7474.5 74.5 78 78, then that um.I don't think so.Reading seems to be there.	labels:I can't remember.
text:The cell phone seems to have a full three-point reading.	labels:I'll take a look at the full reading. The full monthly reading here should be 60 points.
text:Looks like 48.5.	labels:It's also very high, but he's always very good.
text:And then the Chinese translation seems to be 306 or 38.	labels:If I can count for you, he'll be wrong at 192-78-48:5615.5.I don't think so.Translating this piece to 65.5.
text:Because the translator is that voice in.	labels:Two projects for 30 in English.
text:Six is strengthening Lue.	labels:The child's score is still relatively high, and here's a few questions, which one of the kids was working on. Because we have an assessment of the teacher's side, Young-young. Okay, so wait a minute, I'll take a record, yang-ying, and ask the kids if they're willing to go to the top. We'll probably have a high score list, because 192 is not a high score. Right?I don't think so.Well, there's another 205.5, which is the highest in our current ordinary school year, and probably one of the most powerful students in Shanghai.I don't think so.Well, then there's a question here about your 192 test this time, and he's supposed to take a November oral test.
text:It's like we're going to try something first. It's possible we'll do something together. We'll talk about it later.	labels:Don't think about it, huh?I don't think so.The intensive class is...
text:He's nervous in the first three, so I'll let him feel it first if there's time.	labels:Okay, fine, fine. There's four more chances after the written test. If it's okay, we'd like him to pass it once. Okay? No, because he's still good at the written test, and he's still strong at the basics of the child, okay?
text:Anyway, if this is not the case this time, I'm sure then, when this chapter is over, I'd like to put him in one, because it seems to be May.	labels:Right.
text:The end of the month is 33 months, and I would like to ask you about participating in the enhanced move.	labels:Okay, okay, okay, okay. I'll see you later.	episode_done:True
text:The number you have dialed is not in service. Please check the number and dial again.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Is this the parent at Wang Military School? Yes, I'm a teacher in Yang Li, so would you like to know if there's any English classes here for children? No. Okay, excuse me, bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, hello.	labels:Excuse me, is Miss Limpo here?
text:Is Limpo working today? He's off today.	labels:He's off today.I don't think so.I asked you yesterday at 3.30 p.m., and then because of some of the questions we sent online, Mr. Limpo might not see them, and I don't have a response from my side, and I would like to ask you a question.
text:Why don't you just call him, I'll give you his number, you call him.	labels:You can call him, right? Okay.
text:Thank you for Ningbo's number. Take a look. I'll give you 136136366840.	labels:840. He's working tomorrow, isn't he?
text:He's at work tomorrow.	labels:It may not be convenient for him to call on his break today.
text:You still do it sometimes because you'll solve this problem and get it done early.	labels:Okay, I got it. Thank you.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Right, Mom? Hi, I'll answer to the school teacher in Angry Language. Tell you what, you're a new concept. Yeah, and we're starting class this Saturday.
text:12:30 p.m.	labels:12:30 to 15:00.
text:12:30 to 15:00, we're right.	labels:Yeah, well, let me tell you, we'll have a microscopic side. Why don't I add a microscopic message and put you in the group. Okay, so can we find the cell phone number?
text:You should be able to get mine directly, okay.	labels:I'll check my cell number, and you can add it. Okay, thank you very much. Bye.	episode_done:True
text:But the photo was taken by Zhang Wen Tao's parents. No, I'm another teacher. Would you like to know what you've done with your final exam this year? Can you hear me?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Welcome to the machine. Hello, Mr. Lee. Zhang Xiao. I've always had a refund from Lu. He's got his card number. He's got it all yesterday. I don't know. I asked him, you asked him, because I'll come by later this afternoon and I'll take it from you. Okay, if you ask me, I'll just do it. Ask him if he's got it all. He's done it. I'll just open the account with the parent's number and name. Okay? Okay.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I hear you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mrs. Zhou Xinyang. Hello. I'm a foreign-language student.	labels:He passed.
text:Right? How many points do we have to go back here? Can you say 159? Okay, and then all the grades? Remember? Hearing reading and translation.	labels:Take a look at it.
text:It's a look, isn't it?	labels:Are you there?
text:I'm remembering if it is.	labels:There's a lot of people on your side that go up there.
text:There's a lot going on this time.	labels:That's how it works, isn't it?
text:I'm basically not getting through this batch right now.	labels:That's right.
text:Maybe the other teachers just hit a few people and didn't pass, and the rest I'm not quite sure.	labels:All right, you remember 16-16 a week.
text:Monthly 38.	labels:And then 11 or 26, aunty-in-law 39.
text:All right, then there will be another year, after which there will be an oral test, which will start at the 16th of October, and this year you intend to sign up for the first time.	labels:Then I asked him because my daughter was not home.
text:Right? Yeah, well, if you guys were supposed to do it together with the oral test gold, right?	labels:I forgot.
text:Yes, because his oral and written examinations were separate, and if the oral examinations were reinforced, there would be a new intensive class this week, and he would start his first class on the sixth week of the week, and four weeks for the November examination. If you ask him if he wishes to take the examination, you could consider having him attend the class.I don't think so.That's the way it is.	labels:Next October.
text:If you don't think about it, you can report for the December exam, and then he's the last time in a week, and then until next Saturday at 6:30-9 p.m.I don't think so.Yeah. It's once a week, up to next year's final exam, before the exam, and then in March.	labels:The January examination was the same as the March examination.
text:And then next year, after your shift, you're going straight to the exam, so here's the thing.	labels:What about Sunday?
text:Not for the time being, not for the time being, but only for Saturday.	labels:6:30-9:00.
text:On Sundays, only examinations are strengthened and classes are held on Sundays.	labels:Okay, I got it, okay.
text:You can call us if you want to, okay? All right, all right. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I've got Mr. Zhang Kwan's friend Zhang Wai Li, who brought you close enough to introduce you to one of our teachers, and then took a photo wall because I gave him all the sizes, and he didn't know I thought I was a teacher, I thought I was. I know, I know. It's a long way away, right?I don't think so.All good. The teacher introduced a negative state. Okay, I got it. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha haI don't think so.Hello, Father Wang Ying. I'm a school teacher from the Angry High School, so we're going to take classes next week because the children's class is scheduled for Sunday morning, but this week it's Victory Day, and it's Victory Day, so we're going to take classes next week.	labels:It's not even in the daytime, is it?
text:9 a.m. next Sunday.	labels:Isn't that the same thing as a one-week delay in class?
text:What does that mean?	labels:It's the right thing to start school next week.
text:Next Sunday is 9 a.m., and we were at 9.30 a.m., and because of the new concept and the different curriculum, we were at 9 a.m. classes.	labels:11.30 is right.I don't think so.So it's 9:30, right? That's right.
text:Just 9 on Sunday, okay?	labels:All right, I got it. All right, the classroom's still the same.
text:Classroom.	labels:We didn't change as teachers.
text:It's still Mr. Jing's old teacher.	labels:Okay.
text:You can come by about five minutes early in the day and pick up a book, and then we'll have plans for the day, okay? Okay, so bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Okay.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, your number is empty. Please check and wait for the number.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Please hold on. Library you dialed is busy. Now he told me not to hang up. You can't hold me on your back.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:It's not cheap, it's scary, it's not. You can go to the canteen.	labels:You know it's Chen Junhui's mother? I'm a teacher in the English language.
text:How many points have we passed before the written test?I don't think so.I don't know much about struggles, because it doesn't seem like a recent exam.	labels:He did that a long time ago, didn't he?
text:It's not long ago, it's months.	labels:Last time.
text:Just the last time.	labels:How many points do you remember? April, yeah.
text:I don't know which one in July, because it's the kids.	labels:It's over, isn't it?I don't think so.You didn't take the written exam this time, did you?
text:It's done because I'm in People's Square.	labels:It's already been reported to Wenguang's side, isn't it?
text:You did not work here, so I reported there after the beginning of the school, and then turned around.	labels:Okay, I got it. Thank you. Bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:And then the school festival thing. Three minutes for 5000, right?	labels:Hi, it's the parents you're worried about. Yes, I'm Angli's teacher.
text:What's the score? 166 looks like 166, right?	labels:And then every single score, do you understand? How much is your hearing?
text:Just me.	labels:I don't know. And there's a good student list here, and the kids who pass it are usually on our scoreboard, and I don't know if you're interested in that, but we're on our high score.
text:Our scores are low, you don't wait.	labels:And then he's a senior in high school, isn't he?
text:Not for us, we are now seven treasures, we went to the Middle East in our junior high, and we just graduated because we were in third grade.	labels:I remember. You guys were on the same team. I know.
text:Qualified, right.	labels:And I'd like to ask you how your class of exams is arranged. Is it a cold break?
text:If he hasn't come home this week because of his scores, then we haven't got a card yet. How do you plan the exams if they're all like this?	labels:We're on Mondays and Fridays, just like before. It's 6:30-9.
text:6:30-9 p.m., right.	labels:But if you talk to those kids, I'm Miss Lee.
text:You did it for me, didn't you?	labels:If you're sure, you'll come to me together, because our preferences have changed.
text:Not the newspaper.	labels:Now that more than three people are in the newspaper, and then there is a 100-percent discount on it, it seems to have been granted by our headmaster, so the preference has now been reduced from what it was in October.
text:If you're sure, you'll have a few more people come to me and I'll show you the leadership how to do it.	labels:Yeah, because it was June or July, right?
text:Because of me.	labels:I know the mom's the organizer's fat.
text:Let me tell you something, because the last time he knew I was mine, it was on my side.	labels:Just come back if you're sure.
text:Did you call him?	labels:No, we're doing this, and every one of us is responsible, and I'm playing these student scores in our class.
text:Here's the thing. Okay, I got it.	labels:Okay, good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Miss Chow? Excuse me. I'm speaking English.	labels:Thank you. We're in their new program now.
text:Which campus is the one who's already in?	labels:Ain't that where you're from? That's right.
text:It's close to you. Yeah, sorry. It's okay.	labels:It's okay. It's fine. Bye.	episode_done:True
text:I like to see it like this, and I hope you don't have time or direction. I like love it like this, naturally, and you take me out and you love it when you're around. I want to see you in bed. I like it when you put your hand on me. You're just worried about me, right?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hello, Miss Sun. I'm here to see if your kid's in high school or in college. Where's the English language student in the English language school?
text:If you're not there, you're far from us. I don't think the answer's right. You're in the middle of nowhere.	labels:You guys live in a barber shop? It's okay, I'm sorry.I don't think so.Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Five minutes later. Really, I used to work at the lab with his parents, Russian Urumuki.	labels:What's wrong with me?
text:What I said was that I allocated a teacher's and an erm... transfer fee to Mao5937 today? Then you didn't have Hu Xiaowei, which means we don't have a campus. No one had the permission to shop on the Arab Postal Operations System, so I took a look at the power of one of their development departments, Bobo-chan, and you just took a look at the fact that you didn't have the authority assigned to me.	labels:I don't have a campus who has distribution rights.
text:You were just looking for Chan Mei.	labels:The army may be either present or present.
text:Yes, it's in the wife's rush to agriculture, and there's a threesome in a book that's online in a new financial system at Bing-Do, because it's a unified cloud account, and then you don't have it, and you've always had it distributed by the farmers' comptoirs.	labels:It's possible that I'll probably wait until I can't even get one or two wheat dragons out, or that their principals can't distribute them right now in September, or that he bought them.
text:After placing the first floor for work, with a financing account in place, the financial system is said to be only normal in size, and just one campus pesticide helps to open the free zone.	labels:Right?
text:Yeah, because you're just a college, and you don't even know what you're talking about. And I said to the future, "I'm going to go to my e-farming network and p's headless behavior."	labels:The client went straight away, so the door was closed. Didn't go, didn't he?
text:But you'll feel like you're doing it all the time. You'll do it all the time.	labels:It's basically in five classes, and he's not in that situation.I don't think so.The other new man who went to the night of 888 was directly on the hair, and I got it back there. I couldn't do it if I was happy. They told me to look for you? They couldn't do it.
text:I told them it wasn't supposed to be.	labels:And I know you're traveling, like, no way, I'm too.
text:You know, a guy who's got a face, three little ones.	labels:I think.
text:But as a minimum, I want to go back and make it happen, and I want to do it, and I ask them to pay them back, and I want to get paid back in March.	labels:Doesn't matter, does it?I don't think so.I'm really happy with Long Kong.
text:I'm gonna tell me.	labels:I don't think I'm gonna be there. I'm sure I'm not listening.
text:You're done. Bye.	labels:I've been in Simon for a few years, and I think it's just some corner horse to send physics. Thank you for turning off the computer to the head of a smart man.
text:Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Miss.	labels:It's short hair. Hi, it's Li Tianning's mom. I'm Along's teacher. You've got a new concept. Let me call you back today. Okay, what's your grade?
text:Third grade.	labels:Has he studied anything before? No. Which school are you in?
text:Pudong.	labels:Two Centers? You want to read the new concept one? Is that all right? Because you didn't have any classes before in English, so I don't know the basis of your children, so it's better if you could bring him over for a test sometime.
text:Yeah, next week.	labels:Next week, right? Next week is not a good time for you to have a six-week week, because we have a primary school lecture for ourselves this week.
text:Don't go out here.	labels:When are you coming back next week?
text:Not that we're back this weekend.	labels:It's a weekend, isn't it? Are you usually easier on Saturdays or on Sundays?
text:Next week or next week or six weeks.	labels:Why don't I set you up for the 24th of October on Saturday? When will it be easier?
text:Not that afternoon, that afternoon.	labels:I'll give you a 9 a.m. appointment. Where is it? My last name is Lee. I'll send my contact details, including my address, to your phone. Where?
text:It's not close to the boss. Okay.	labels:I'll see you around 9:30 in the morning, okay?
text:You think it's an audition, don't you?	labels:Well, you'd better start with this test, because it's also possible to listen to it, but now it's common and it's tough, and I'm afraid the children will not understand.I don't think so.So you're going to test his condition, because we're going to test a very comprehensive single word, and then we're going to hear and read.
text:If the test is over.	labels:It's okay to try, it's okay to try, it's just that he's probably going to go to maybe 10 or so classes, and if you want to feel the atmosphere, it's okay.
text:Are you going to start on Thursday or what?	labels:Depending on your time frame, do you usually want to choose what day you're going to be in class?
text:You're not on Saturday, are you?	labels:It's Saturday or Sunday, for example, and then Saturday or Sunday, for example, we have this week at 3.30 p.m. to 6 p.m., October 17th.
text:Me and me, we can't do this afternoon because we have something else this afternoon. Was I here tonight?	labels:Not Saturday or Sunday night, and we're at the latest 4.30-6.
text:Nana.	labels:Is it 12:30 to 3 in the morning?
text:12:30 to 15:00, it's not in the morning, right.	labels:Since the morning shift is full, the 9-11.30 shift is full.
text:I'll say next time.	labels:Don't you think next time there's no Sunday morning?
text:Not on Sundays, because we want to stay on Saturdays without scheduled morning shifts one day.	labels:Why don't you let him test it first, because I really didn't see a shift that started late on Saturday morning, and it all started in September. No.
text:I told you I knew it was starting, I told you.	labels:Next time what's going to happen next March.
text:30 will be in March next year, yes. Will there be a morning shift in March? There will be a morning shift in January?I don't think so.Good. That's good.	labels:There will be, and you will be sure, that you will start your shift on Saturday morning, because our spring shift is on the line, because the point is that you will start your shift by 12 November, and we will have a shorter shift by 12 November.
text:Okay, so let's test that first, okay?	labels:I'll send you the address, and on October 24, I'll test him, and I'll show you the flight, okay?I don't think so.Okay.
text:I'd like to ask you what you're testing.	labels:Ipad did the tests in about half an hour to 40 minutes.
text:Is it spoken or spoken?	labels:No iPad is hearing, then reading, then grammar and vocabulary are comprehensive, and yes.
text:Okay.	labels:All right, good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Miss Zhang? Hello, I'm a teacher at the Dap school in the Austrian language. Would you like to know if the kids are attending some refresher classes in English if they're out of class? No.	labels:We're going to England now. Do you have an English teacher? Do you have an English teacher?
text:The teacher who went to England. The teacher who went back to school in England? Yes.	labels:Do they want to think about it because they're here or not, what do I say? Now that he's going to England, I feel like it's best to have an English teacher with him.
text:Stay with the past.	labels:It's late to call the King earlier.
text:Now we're ready to go out, right?I don't think so.Right.	labels:Actually, you guys are the new East.
text:We're Ulrich.	labels:I'm upstairs in Cemetery now.
text:We're the Anly of Dapu Bridge here.	labels:Do you have any of them at Anyley in Dapbridge?
text:You said the Mansion wasn't popular.	labels:It's not like Yang Li, it's close to our house.
text:It's open, isn't it? We've been open for two or three years.	labels:Angry what?
text:Foreign languages are on the Dap road.	labels:It's not good to write about dirt road, Dap road slant road. Yeah.
text:That's what we do for English.	labels:That's not us.
text:We have it, too. Where are you reading it now?	labels:Ain't there a new east in the world there.
text:You're already studying, aren't you? When do you think you're going out?	labels:That's it. It's done now.
text:It's done. It's gone.	labels:You're late for your call.
text:It's okay. You can call us if you need anything from now on, and we'll write dirt on the road.	labels:All right, well, your teacher would have liked it if he had a teacher.
text:I don't think so. All teachers on our side are full-time teachers.	labels:May I ask if I can go, because now he's alone and I don't feel comfortable.
text:In that case, you'll either go to the institutions or they'll ask you if you're going abroad.	labels:That's good for England, 'cause the rest is a lot of places.
text:Yeah, good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Your mother at the bank? Hello, I'm speaking foreign language to the school teacher. My last name is Gu. You signed up for a sbs class for the kids. Yes, and we're starting on Saturday, Saturday, September 5.
text:The 5th class starts.	labels:Right. Right.
text:Aren't you 345 resting?	labels:We're on transfer, no vacations.
text:Right.	labels:And then number five is normal and Saturday, and we don't switch on Saturdays, and time is 3:30-6. Okay, then we'll add a micro-message on this side, and then I'm going to leave your micro-signal undetected. Is that a cell phone number?
text:It's like I'm not using a cell phone. Are you our teacher?	labels:No, I'll be your class teacher later. That's right, that's, uh...
text:I'll either.	labels:You'll send him here? I'll bring him here and you'll be here in good time. Okay, good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:This is Mrs. Kim. Hi, I'm here to set up the campus. Hello, I'll call you on the 24th. There's a Chinese liability here at 6:30. Don't forget to bring the kids. Yes, bye-bye. Thank you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:The number you have dial is busy. Please try again later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:The number you have dialed cannot be reached for the time being.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:I'm Ju Ying's mother, right?
text:Hello.	labels:I'm Miss Deng from Ulrich. Here's what I'm going to say to you. He's probably not doing very well every time. Yes, I'd like to ask him how hard it is to come home every time he comes home from school.
text:When he came home, he didn't do much on Sundays, and sometimes he had a condom or something.I don't think so.And then, usually, because of last week's fever, when he went out a few times before, he was a little off-duty, a little tired, but he was forced to spend a lot of time, kept staring at him, and then, if he wasn't sure, he would have done it himself.	labels:It's probably not a self-conscious little friend, is it?I don't think so.I think that new concept II is already at the bottom of the spectrum, and that we are slowly going to have more of what we need to have, but what we're learning from the new concept is, in fact, increasing the vocabulary, including some new syntax points, points of knowledge, but I feel like a little kid that he's bad at every time, bad at least when he does not pass, and I think it might take some effort to recite back words.
text:Then.	labels:There's nothing else to tell Mom.I don't think so.Usually, our teachers also keep an eye on him, because it's okay for them to say that he's the one who writes the book, but every time we do it every day, I'll send it to Mom, and every time it's not very good.
text:The key to me.	labels:I'm busy. I don't have time.
text:Yeah, he didn't want to think of it as a back, and then he felt like he could do it a little bit, and then he refused to do it again. I asked him to do it again, and you felt it wrong, and then he wasn't happy, and you were a little too serious.	labels:Yeah, well, we'll see him for a few more months anyway. Take a look.
text:Actually, I know the situation, okay. That side.	labels:I'm the teacher right.
text:I told you last time, and then I said grammatical criticism? And then I bought some basic new grammar, and then I let him do it, and now he's started school, and then he's got a lot of homework, and he hasn't had time to do it, that's all.I don't think so.All right, well, it's just that he's not moving fast, and he doesn't realize it, so I'm in a lot of pain.	labels:I think since the kids have come to learn from us, we certainly want him to learn from us, including the teachers, and we're going to tell you about the kids, including Mom, and if we're not too busy, we're going to show the kids some homework or something. I think he's going to make progress with the parents at our school.
text:Okay, it's okay.	labels:All right, whatever you need to do, contact me. Okay.
text:That's it, bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, let me tell you something. I'd like to ask the teacher today.	labels:It's Wong's mother, isn't it? It's Ally's teacher. Let's see if the kid's going to check it out. What's the score?
text:At 75.5.	labels:That's good. Did you know what his individual score was?
text:Okay.	labels:Take a look.
text:And then this week's lecture number 18, so I'm telling you to listen to it, because there was one time that Mr. Liu's friends in the country gave a lecture.I don't think so.Okay, bye. Because he's saying what the company signed up for? 16 to 26, 20 to 24 of May yesterday.	labels:You said that.
text:This year it's 4.5.	labels:74.5.
text:Reading is 50-50.	labels:Then.
text:Translator 21.	labels:Twenty-one, huh? Then you say it.
text:30 points in one.	labels:Ok, and would your child like to be on the high score?
text:It's not our score that's bad.	labels:It's a good test for a good parent, because I'm back here, and the highest test here, it's probably not a 191.
text:And there's a kid in your line of work who's in our kid's class. He's got a 205.	labels:It's supposed to be on my other colleagues' side, but it's a good score for you, and it's an encouragement for the short list.
text:Why don't you go upstairs, and I don't think that's a good score, okay?	labels:I'll put you on the register anyway, okay? So I'll see you later.	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Your call is on the phone.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Okay. It's been a long time. Who's gonna pick me up? Your mom's gone.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:You are welcome to make a call. The deadline has recently been set for Shun Feng, the new arrival of Jing Li and the new arrival of the new arrival, and the next one will be delivered by 10.30 a.m. tomorrow morning. Please press 1. Quick Quick Query. Please press 1. Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick Quick.	labels:Hello.
text:I was wondering if I'd like to send a delivery. Is it almost 6:00? Is anyone else coming to pick up the bill?	labels:Yes. Is this the default address, 1021 North Southtown?
text:No, we've changed our address here. We've changed the campus to Puradong Foods, 601 Jang Road.	labels:General foods.
text:The original morning building was on the 9th floor. 99th floor. My name is Lin Gemwood.	labels:Hello, Miss Lin, you're in something to where it weighs.
text:It's light. It's a little toy in two boxes and it's sent to the kids.	labels:May I speak to you directly?
text:You can come directly to me, okay.	labels:I'll arrange for you to have a little rest within the normal hour.
text:Okay, let's talk to him a little bit. Can we go a little faster?	labels:I'll make a note here. Mr. Priority arranged earlier. Okay.
text:Thank you so much for seeing you again. Think about this.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:He said he's ready to feed Liu Shao Yun today. He's 50 minutes old. I'll wait for you downstairs for 20 minutes. Or else I'll wait for the whole family. You're dead. Okay.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mom. Hi, I'm Ulzuki-sensei. Let me know if you're okay with it, old man. 3:40. All right, Yao Jing's later on is to build a new concept two group and ask me to pull it in. OK, OK. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:Twenty grand didn't look, because I think it's all going to class tomorrow on the 17th, and I dropped it. And those two of you, you said you were going to take up. Right? Not this year, hello.	labels:Excuse me. Hi, I'm the teacher of the Angry foreign language. Do you remember the English lecture in a school district on October 17th at 1.30 p.m. - 2:30 p.m.?
text:And then 1:30 p.m.	labels:Three-thirty is wrong. One-thirty.
text:Half ~ 2:30.	labels:Right at 1:00? 17 should be tomorrow.I don't think so.Saturday pairs, he's a primary school English lecture.
text:Tomorrow I may have a bit of a conflict of time, because we have one of his studies in the morning, which may not be enough.	labels:Well, let's see, 'cause he's got a couple of lectures, and you're in the first grade? Maybe it's a little early in the country. Okay, I'll cancel it for you.
text:You help me cancel the waiting period, and then I'll call you later, and I'll see what stage he's at.	labels:Okay, you're not in our class, are you?I don't think so.Still.
text:No, I'm still in a few institutions, and I'm still assessing which one is more appropriate.	labels:Okay, you know we're going to the address.
text:Do I know you're moving to that now? What kind of ordinary food?	labels:I remember I should've sent you a message about the general food complex, but if there's anything you need to do, you can contact me directly.	episode_done:True
text:Mom.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hello. Who was on the phone?
text:What's your kid's name?	labels:What's going on in my hometown?
text:Homecoming? Well, we're going back to the mid-level interpreter's written exam. Did the kid go for it this time? What? Did your kid go for the mid-level interpreter's written exam last April?	labels:Take the test on us.
text:How many points?	labels:165165.
text:And do you know the score for the individual item?	labels:But it's like reading is a little more than 40 minutes, and I forget it's like 40 minutes or so, and 40 minutes is more than a little hearing.I don't think so.Hearing is 60.
text:Sixty-five, huh?	labels:Sixty times I forgot.
text:I'll know about one score, and your kid's going to be on the high score?	labels:On what list?
text:We have a score on the high score, a high score on the count.	labels:It's not high, it's not high.
text:Basically, my current return to the highest scores in the written examination is 205.	labels:Right on what I know.
text:And you don't want him on your side, do you?	labels:I can't blame him for that score. He's 1 9200. I'm so weird.
text:Don't think that we have, uh, 153 points on our side, giving the kid an incentive.	labels:You have to tell me what's on him.
text:Or if there's no condition, as long as he says 150 points or more.	labels:All right, you give him a shot. Let him see if he can.
text:That's a good one, too.I don't think so.Okay? I'll put it on the register. Okay? Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, are you the parents of Huang Jiaxuan? Excuse me, I'm speaking English. Would you like to know if the children are filling in English? Yes, we've arranged it. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Buh.	labels:Welcome to Shun Xu's house at 58 Dap Road, Huangpo District.
text:Is it Xu Xiao Xing's mother?	labels:She's your mother, isn't she?
text:Hello, Ms. Wong Li.I don't think so.I'm sorry to tell you, Sunday class was this afternoon. Did you know I was in the group before?	labels:Isn't it Friday? Yeah, what time is it today or 4:00? I got it at 4:00.
text:Okay, thank you. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. So we can be famous in the city last month. On-line attendance one-on-one. Did you do that?	labels:Online attendance is famous.
text:I didn't do what you did to fill out the rest of the class. How did you do that?	labels:The rest of your time is cut off, and that's all for the week.
text:But what do you think of the last time?	labels:I didn't know I had it last week. I didn't know you.
text:I don't know where it is.	labels:There's a template, not that there's a template, the template here you come down.
text:But I don't know where that template goes.	labels:The template he's got on the number of hours he's applying for. You need to ask Chen Lin.
text:Where's the number of hours? Where's the number of hours?	labels:Or what's in the teaching class?I don't think so.The teacher asked me to forget during class.
text:In any case, teachers apply for class hours.	labels:In the teaching class, I forgot that there was a second and the first last in the field of attendance.
text:See if it's class time or class time or something.	labels:You come down next to Biao, and it'll come out. I did everything last month, and I'll change it.
text:Or is it right? The import support is not right, the import progress is not right, see.	labels:It'll be fine if you come down later. Can you send me a message on the phone?
text:You want to go up to South campus on the phone?	labels:The Upper South campus phone.
text:I'll see you later. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, other than that.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mrs. Jiangmen. Hello, Mr. Wang. Hello, Siu Bo Long has just arrived at 12,000. What's it doing on September 4?	labels:500 years a week. That's it, isn't it?
text:Then I realized, I feel like I'm recording it. If all three of our kids love the house, I'll make you cry. Okay, I'll fix it. I'll fix it.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Dad.	labels:Mr. Zhang, I'm the Dap River teacher. So, just now, when Qin's dream came up with Dad and called, he said that when his little friend came home, he told him that his dream might be better, that's all, that's all, and then he answered the question, that's all, that's all, that's all, that's all, that's all, that's all, that's all.
text:Who's the parent? Who's the kid?	labels:It's the Qin Dream. It's the only one, isn't it?
text:It's the best thing I've ever heard about boys in classes, and he learns things faster, and the girl who calls Lily a little bit skiny, and she listens to her dad say she's naughty after class, and then she's a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little girly, and then he sees other kids score better than him, or a little bit more than him, and he's a little bit of a little girly, and then I keep encouraging him, and then I tell him not to give up anything, and then he doesn't end up with one more than any other guy, but this girl gets a little girl.I don't think so.Yeah, but I've been helping them adjust for class.	labels:It means that the boy came home and told his mother and his father, and then his father seemed unhappy, and his mother said that his mother was unhappy, and then he said that the girl was likely to grow up in the house, possibly.
text:I don't know if you're moving, but it's easier for this little girl to go out with three little princesses than to see others dirtyer or worse, and he's not happy at all, and I've been doing this in terms of education and understanding.	labels:And then this thing wasn't very happy with his dad anyway, which means he wanted the teacher to take care of it when he was in class, which means I've been keeping an eye on what I know.
text:We're going to take care of the problem with the character of the little one, but if it's more important than that of the family, it's going to have some discipline problems, and it's going to take care of it if it's in my class.	labels:Then he said that his father meant that the teacher was concerned, and that it was better not to.I don't think so.You know this dad is really something, you know.
text:When you say I've been in school, I can feel what he's been saying, and he's been telling me when he's going to go up there with me, but I'm sure I'm going to keep the class safe, and I'm sure I'm going to pay attention to his feelings and then.	labels:Personally, I think this boy must be the best, because he's in second grade and the other two children are in first grade.
text:There's this, um.	labels:And the little boys might just be a little vulnerable, and you might want to.
text:He's feeling pretty good in class.	labels:But if he comes home, he's probably not going to say it on the spot, like he said to his parents today, because you know what's going to happen to him, as if you're going to look at it, and if it's still going to happen, I'm going to talk to you about it with the girl's parents and try to do it next time.
text:Let's not have this happening, there's one thing I'm sure to do about it in our class, but this little girl doesn't know that this guy's gonna pay him a lot more next time, and they don't answer, and the boys think he's good at it, and the girls may not be able to keep up with him, and the boys will read it, and he'll be upset soon.I don't think so.This girl will be like this.	labels:When she signed up, she told her mother that she had 2a and 2b and then her mother had read 2a, and she said that she would read 2b because he said he had a lot of things on top of him, and we thought that he should be okay.
text:Yeah, well, it's probably about possible virtues and education in the usual family, and I'm sure there's a lot of attention on it, but I can't say for sure what he's gonna be like next second, like, I can't say what he's gonna be or won't be, but he's the only one who shows what I'm sure to say.	labels:Yeah, and the next time we find out, I'll talk to you and your dad, or Qin Mao's dad.
text:Because I heard Dad say after school today, he said he was something, and it seemed like there were no pranks at all, and I didn't hear that much, all right.I don't think so.I know.	labels:We'll talk about it next week, okay? Thank you very much. Bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Buh.	labels:Mom, right? Sorry.
text:I'll get back to you later.	labels:Okay.	labels:It's okay.	labels:I remember.Talk to the 7th.I'm done with me.Talk to the 8th.I'll call you when I'm sure.Talker 9.Okay, I got it. Thank you. Okay.Talk to ten.It's okay. It's okay. Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Two.	labels:Twenty-one, huh?
text:Hello, Mom? Hello, this is Angry. You've just consulted on a new concept course, haven't you?	labels:You've been.
text:Contact's up. Yeah.	labels:You didn't call me.
text:Which campus did you get in touch with?	labels:Do you know a.. or do you speak English, Miss Wong?
text:We're in the foreign language department. You're in contact with other departments?	labels:The foreign language doesn't press the yellow line there's pull-ups.
text:There's no Miss Wong on our side.	labels:So you just called outside. It was on the Internet, which means you asked.
text:We don't have Miss Wong to be a department.	labels:You.
text:Which school district is it? The school district of Jin-hyun, we're the school district of Po-dong.	labels:Oh, well.	episode_done:True
text:Who knows.	labels:I went to work for everyone. I don't need it.
text:Mine.	labels:Mm-hmm.
text:Mm-hmm.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Yoo Wan Woo, check it out. I called yesterday. We went to grammar classes in the first half of the year, and we'll check in the second half, okay?
text:But are you going to go on or what?	labels:I was supposed to pay for the little Tofu in October last year, and then the kid didn't get used to it, so then I changed it to a syntax writing and reading? And one syntax to these two classes.I don't think so.So, one of them dropped out in the first half of the year, probably in May or June. Then there are grammar classes, not writing classes, which write for me on October 24, and I'll ask when.
text:What's the kid's name?	labels:You call my cell number. His name is hard to find, 13045689706.
text:89706. Yes, you have a grammar and a reading and writing paper, yes.	labels:In the first half of the year, your teacher wrote to me that he was wrong. The time written in the grammar class was to be determined. The time of the reading and writing was October 24th, right?
text:Right.	labels:So I always thought it was October 24th reading.
text:This year's teacher wrote it for you. Which teacher wrote it for you.	labels:You haven't moved to the southeast corner yet.
text:Because the class that should have been at that time has not yet been fixed.	labels:So now you see, in the first half of this year, whether I was reading and writing or grammar classes or grammar classes.
text:You're in this system and now you're not reading grammar.	labels:Read and write in the back, right? So you set me up to drop my grammar class.
text:Which time do you think you should be in grammar class?	labels:Now I'd better be Saturday afternoon.
text:Afternoon, right? Let me take a look at that time, because one of our new grammars is starting on the 11th. It's already started, yes, once. I'll look at that time. It's not 3:30. Let me see. It's Sunday early.I don't think so.A few days ago, there was a class for 9-11.30 today.	labels:Sunday, 9 - 11 p.m.
text:9 to 11. Is that okay?	labels:Nine to 11.30, but it's fine. I'll take a look at it on Friday night.
text:Friday night starts in September. Five or six sessions have already taken place, yes.I don't think so.In October, which is the last month since you opened it, he usually has time to represent the class.	labels:How many months has it been?
text:It usually takes more than four months, less than five months.	labels:It's winter break, yeah.
text:If you go now, you should go up to the end of February.	labels:Last till the end of February, right? Yeah, so either last Sunday let me.
text:Yes, if you do, you can come straight up on Sunday.	labels:What if I miss a lesson on Sunday?
text:That's what you do in your class, or you put it on our winter break, and you can take it off your first class, or you don't pay it for the first time, or you can put it in the cost you haven't spent.	labels:It's 9:00 a.m. Sunday morning, right.I don't think so.I can come this Sunday, right? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, yeah.I don't think so.Okay, you're going upstairs.
text:Ninety-eight million across from Pudong Food City. I'm telling you, there's a First Food City, there's a Pudong Food City, and we're in Pudong Food City.	labels:Where's my door?
text:It's the McDonald's building, you go from McDonald's, there's a door over there, and then you or you go to the big one, and there's elevators on both sides of the contract food town.	labels:The elevators can go up in the real city, right.
text:There's the biggest elevator. Which floor is 99? Right.	labels:Okay.
text:I know. All right, let's do this. Okay.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, forest clouds. Hello.	labels:Do you speak foreign language?
text:I'm over here at the Dap school district.	labels:I know. I'd like to consult with the third grade. Which school is this year in the third grade?
text:Have you learned anything before?	labels:That's what I've learned before. I'm looking at Cambridge Junior's latest edition. Yeah.
text:It's an oral course.	labels:Right?
text:It's an excursion.	labels:Yeah.
text:Yeah. Yeah. Okay.	labels:You're in the sun and the moon, aren't you?
text:Near the sun and moon is this side of Lou Bay High School.I don't think so.Yeah? Yeah, and if he's got a foundation, we recommend a new concept course.	labels:I just wanted to ask a couple of new ideas, and then I saw how many people were in a class?
text:One of our full shifts is for 10 kids.	labels:Full shift is for 10 kids, then this is Friday.
text:You've seen a class on the website. What time is it at noon?	labels:6:30-8:30.
text:For this class.	labels:And then one class a week? Yeah, and what's the deal?
text:In this case, if you are a student card, it is 12,000. If you are a single student, we say that it would be more advantageous if you were a student card, and many parents choose 20,000 and 30,000 for 4000, because if we are a student, it is a new concept, and if we learn later, it is a new one, but if we do, it would be a better one, it would be a 95-cent cut.	labels:The discount is the full-value card, and if I do, I'll pay the semester first, and then I'll pay more. And then I'll have a discount card. That's right.I don't think so.Okay, I see class starts on September 11th. Do you have any recent classes in your campus?
text:Wait a minute. Which time would be more convenient if you tried?	labels:I usually think about Friday or Saturday afternoon versus Friday night.
text:It is true that there is a trial on Friday night, which means that we try to listen to a pattern, which is one for teachers, that you can listen to one shift on Friday night, but this class is already well behind schedule.	labels:It's okay.
text:Yes.	labels:I'm also going to look at the concept material, and I don't know what you're suggesting is a new concept, right? Sbs doesn't have to learn, right?
text:In the case of Bs, we say that small children, small ones, are also an oral subject, because you have learned Cambridge, which is more monolingual, and you will have to study Sbs and learn new concepts after you have completed your studies, so that many of our children say that after Sbs has completed their studies, they learn new concepts, and then combine new concepts, and two major concepts, the new version of which is a classic two book. In general, the parents of our teachers will choose a new concept and a new one.	labels:I mean, I'm afraid I know it's supposed to be s and then in the new concept and then in the 12th.
text:You can learn that at this level.I don't think so.Because the sbs are relatively simple, yes, if one of you is saying that a child may not learn well, it may be a waste of time.	labels:Yeah. Then there's 10 people full, and now I'm asking how many people he's got.
text:It's a small class right now, because it's a class of four of our little friends, and we're four of our little friends right now. Yeah.	labels:How is this a teacher? Is it in Chinese and English?
text:We are Chinese teachers, and we are our own teachers, because there are several departments in our case. If we are a new concept department, we are specializing in new concepts, and the test is the next final exam, so that's right.	labels:Not particularly minding.
text:Yes, because the new concept is said to involve some grammatical knowledge points, many of which are not taught by foreign teachers, there are no new concepts to the new grammatical version of the new concept, and there are so many two grammaticals, because many learn new concepts, and one is prepared to learn new ones.	labels:Yeah, well, let me ask you again, because I checked it out, and I've been checking it for a long time, and I've been looking for a lot of them online, and I'm a little confused.
text:What do you mean by comparison?	labels:I don't know if it's official or not.
text:You can come over here and take a look at the first point. On the second point, we've been on the road for 13 years. On the other hand, there's a brand for 20 years. I know that.	labels:It's not your Ulrich education, because my friend suggested that I be him, but he didn't tell me exactly what the free consultation number was, so when I looked at the website, I searched the education foreign language, and then there were a lot of different calls.
text:Because then there's another lotion.	labels:So I'm a little confused, I understand.
text:Because there are several things under Achille's banner that say you're a one-on-one or Neo's, and there may be a lot of other brands down there, but if we speak English, it's the only thing we do with a foreign language.	labels:Okay, I'll make an appointment, yeah, and then I'll just look at the material, and then I'll hear you say, for example, that the pace is midway.I don't think so.You can just say that.
text:Because it's us this week, because it's Victory Day, so we put Friday's course on today, if you'd like to see it today.	labels:What time is it today?
text:One moment, we have a class at 6-8:30.	labels:6-8:30, 6-8:30, and next week's word is that I want to start my shift. Is that what that means?
text:Right.	labels:Can't there be a class next week?
text:What's next week's class mean? Saturday or something?	labels:Yes or yes.I don't think so.Yeah, well, it's off tomorrow.
text:Or if you don't go out, we'll do the same thing on our side, for example, on Saturdays.	labels:Okay, I'm not going to try. I'm not going to be free today. Yeah, or I'm not going to try. I'm going to take a look at it before the 11th, okay.I don't think so.You can do that, and then I'll just pay my tuition. If I pay my tuition, would I just have to pay 12,000 first?
text:If we guarantee the course, it's 12,000, unless you have a full-value card on your side, it's a discount, and if you report the course, it's 12,000.	labels:All right, I get it. If I'm a full card, I'll take it.
text:In any case, we have two, 20,000 for 2000 and 30,000 for 4000, and when you come, we'll make a plan for you, which means that if we have a new concept two, it has a new concept one course of 12,000, a new one of a year, a new one.I don't think so.It's 24,000.I don't think so.For two years, you can think about it.	labels:How's it going?
text:Then you're calling on your cell phone, right? You leave a cell phone, and I'll put an address on your cell phone, okay?	labels:1381381715171574457445.
text:138177445, right? Okay. Can you leave a name for the kid?	labels:Zhao Yijun.
text:It's a yes.	labels:(b) Proceedings.
text:It's good to be comfortable. Is a king by the word of the king?	labels:Not a gentleman's king.
text:Son of a bitch, okay.I don't think so.All right, I'll give you the address on our side. If you get it, you can answer it. Then you can tell me before you come. I'll introduce you.	labels:Okay, okay. All right.
text:Do you have any more questions?	labels:There was no entrance examination.
text:We'll have a school entrance test in general.	labels:There will be.
text:Because if he cares about a kid, he'll have to go back to what's the first word. He'll have more to lose, won't he?I don't think so.There are some grammars in the first sentence, just two points.	labels:Will you be strict?
text:We must be taught because each time we say we have no score except for the first one, we will have some silent results at the beginning of the second and we will have a third handwritten endorsement.	labels:All I'm saying is that when we go to school, it's very strict, because we're studying and studying, so we tried it once before in English, and the score doesn't really work.
text:That's what the entrance test is, we're talking 100 points, you don't have to pick 100 points, we're talking 30 points from the beginning, 30 points from the beginning, and we're suggesting that we start from the beginning.	labels:Okay, I'll look for one day next week, and I'll be there for myself, so the baby won't have to be there.
text:Yeah, well, then you can send me a message before you come, okay? Okay, okay. Okay. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Yeah, that's good, right?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:You're not allowed to use this service.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hi, Mom. I'm Wang Li's teacher-in-law, who answers to the district. How can you talk now, sir? I just wanted to ask you about the last time you said you wanted to go back and think about concept two on the line. What do you think about it? I'm not going to do it right now.I don't think so.It's a new concept two or an interpretation course. It's a spoken language. Okay, I'd like to ask if you're going to give him a test after that. Let's see what's going on in the back of their school, right? I get it.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Not looking for his mother. 8.13,13621800616667. How do you do?	labels:Hi, it's Seo-ho, right? I'm here for the 800th school district in Angry Foreign Language. Mr. Wu, let you know that Tofu's basic class starts at 12:30 p.m. on Sundays, okay?I don't think so.Then, as long as you don't have it in China, because we didn't open it when we were running the campus, you come straight in, I'll write the classroom on this little blackboard. We'll all write it in the new campus. You're supposed to be in the new campus when you sign up, right?I don't think so.General Food City. General Food City.I don't think so.Yes, we're here to ask if your cell phone number can be added to your message.I don't think so.Okay, QQ, if you don't want to report it to me, or if you want to give it to me? I'll give it to you. I'll give it to you. I'll give it to you. I'll give it to you. 137448626. Okay, I'll give you a small signal, and then we'll check it out. Okay, I'm Mr. Wu.	episode_done:True
text:Okay.I don't think so.I'm going to work for everyone. I don't need it.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Look at me.	labels:Say what? Mom.
text:Father Wang Shicin, it's Miss Alle Lee. Hi, I'd like to ask you something. Have you thought about it?	labels:We were later on this side of People's Square.
text:You've done it over there, haven't you? Because this week, when we're at school, there's some kind of concession, so I'll call you, because you know later.	labels:I called you.
text:To what I know.	labels:I called you when I signed up.
text:Because at that time I thought you wanted to read it there, and then I could do it from my side, so I thought you were just asking me a question.	labels:No, I'm just asking you, that's the price.
text:You reported 7,400 over there.	labels:It's in the paper, isn't it?
text:I told you you only gave me a written test over there, didn't you?	labels:There is also a suitable examination.
text:You said your name was in the paper over there? That's right. If anything happens here, contact me again, so we'll see each other again.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lin Wanyu.	labels:King.
text:0 won in class.	labels:There's no money to report.
text:And then you write it down.	labels:Call.
text:Which class is Ling Yuan in?	labels:Summer school grammar classes in primary schools.
text:Little baby's summer break grammar class in primary school.	labels:And that's what the note says. That's what it says.
text:The registration of 12,500 in May for the full book of Star II should be postponed until further notice.	labels:He promised to give it to his parents for the summer.	labels:Take the winter break.
text:That's it, isn't it?	labels:Then.	labels:Just introduced my son home.	labels:Come over and say hello to them a little late. I'll give you the notes later, and you'll have to get them signed when you're done.I don't think so.And then you remember we didn't have two or two puzzle cards this month.
text:Ginkah.	labels:It's a gold card with two hands and one hand.
text:Don't be nervous.	labels:The brain card is not a brain card, it's a headless mother without rabbits.
text:Two years, right? Maybe just now.	labels:A person would need his signature for the purpose of reading it, as long as he was intruding, including the suspension of the course.	labels:Well, you're gonna have to get him to sign it. It's gonna be a lot worse if you don't.
text:Okay, I got it. I'll get rid of this form. Right?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Okay, you've been reading this since October 18th?	labels:Hello, is this Seo Woofan's parent?I don't think so.I'm here to speak to Ally's teacher. I mean, did he take part in this year's mid-level oral written test?
text:Not after that.	labels:It's okay. You didn't come, did you?
text:Okay, I won't bother you. Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Mom Jang Young-bok. I'm Ulrich's teacher-in-law. You'll remind me that we're supposed to be in school on Sundays, but we're supposed to be in school on Sundays, because we're on holidays, so we'll be in class next Sunday.
text:That's it.	labels:Time, we used to be 9:30, and now we're 9:9 to 11.30, and then.
text:The teacher's right. All right, that's up and down.	labels:Let's start school on week after week. Then we don't get the books. The next time I lose, my mom can be here five minutes early. We'll just take you to class. Okay, I'll see you next week.
text:It's okay. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:I'm sorry.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:What are you talking about? Yes, I'm Mr. Lee's teacher. Hello, you're in a new concept 3 class? Yes, we're starting at 3:30-6.
text:Okay.	labels:I'll tell you which class I'll have in the group. All right, then we'll be on the side of Pudong Food City.
text:Okay, because we've been in this class for the summer, and it's still the same place, yeah.	labels:So I'd like to talk to you, 'cause I'm the teacher, too.
text:You were in grammar class.	labels:Right.
text:I'm fine. Thank you, Miss Lee.	labels:It's okay. I'll tell you the address in the group anyway, okay?
text:Okay.	labels:Okay, okay.
text:Mr. Cheung asked me, I didn't happen to report that class last time, but I read it.	labels:It's written, isn't it? Read it.
text:Last time you gave me a winter break, there'll be time for it. You tell me about it. Okay.	labels:Because we may be out of time for the winter break, and you can contact me at the end of October or early November, and you can arrange for it.
text:Okay, thank you.	labels:All right, good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm-hmm.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, there's another one. Hello, Professor Hu.	labels:Let me ask you four different parts.
text:And you write ten thousand a month, and it's all right with you, because you used to write about going across the land.	labels:It's okay, I'll change it back because I don't know who's on your system, and I uploaded it for the second week. I'll confirm it for you. He's been here for three or three weeks, four weeks, 2.5 weeks a week, then three weeks, right?I don't think so.Then the first week was five hours.
text:No, no, no, no, no. No, no, no, no. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.	labels:Then on the 7th and 4th, then on the 31st, two hours in the last week. Yeah. I just looked at the system, and I looked at the system, and it was two hours in the system.
text:It affected him both, but he was in class for two and a half hours, and I'll tell them to change the system.	labels:Okay, you pay attention here anyway, 'cause the rent is for money. Okay, I've been uploading it for a week. Can you see if you can see it now?
text:You wait so long. No.	labels:You call the time-to-use import progress check. You should be able to see that I've been uploading it for a week, see if you can download the import results.
text:See that there's a download.	labels:Can not get folder: %s: %sI don't think so.Open it for you. Open it for you.
text:When I was in primary school, I wanted to get a test on Ju-suk, so I know, but I'm sure of it.	labels:It's an import success, it's a second difference, but it's okay, and then I basically do it and I finish it, and then you look at it and you know what he's doing, because it's very simple, and it actually has one of the greatest benefits, and it's the last gram of it, and you just fill it in on the baby.
text:But he couldn't get out a few times before.	labels:All you have to do is go to him, because I was wrong, and I spent the last column in class, and he wrote about how much time the kids spent, which means the four numbers in front. You see it's not four, it's two and a half and it's six, right?I don't think so.That's 2.5.
text:That's the rest of the class.	labels:Leave the rest of the class alone, he'll count himself. The rest of the class is his own. He's your guide.
text:That's right? I know that's what I uploaded. I didn't have to write about the remaining hours.	labels:Because you're down, there's surplus on it, and you don't have to change it.
text:Did you fall?	labels:There should be one, and I'm going down with the watch I'm going down with, and we're going down with the rest of the class with the kid. No, look again, because I'm going down right now, like you can do the one that's going down in the third week.
text:It's a download template, isn't it?	labels:You should be able to see three people down there for downloading the template, Chen Min and Tin Wesi.
text:There is.	labels:And then 28.5, 37, 28,534, right?I don't think so.And then, as you just told me, according to what you just told me, Chen was 00, then 4x0 was 2.5, then the locator was zero, because it counted the last week, and then the after-school after-school plus was zero.
text:Okay, I know.	labels:Then I'll finish it. What else have you done on your side? No. No. I'll do it first. I'll do it first.
text:Yes, he's consulting now, and you're still cheering up this late. Thank you for the video bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Damn it. Topher's in the first row. Sit down, will you?	labels:Okay, okay, I'll wait for me right now.
text:Look down and sign up for the seat, you'll be number one at the most.	labels:How do you do? It's Yang Yoko's mother. I'm here with Mr. Angli, the defense teacher, right.I don't think so.Didn't you take the machine exam here before, did you? You didn't schedule the class after you finished on the plane?
text:He's studying at Yu Wenjie's right now.	labels:Yu Man isn't studying at my side, is he?
text:The big lesson for him is something like grammar, like Cope English.	labels:Is that right? Then I'll ask our side. There's a lecture on English this week. Would you like to come over here and listen to this piece of Peyo?
text:One year.	labels:You don't have time for that? You'll have to wait for your lesson, right?
text:For the school till Wednesday.	labels:When do you want to read Wednesday?
text:First three summers.	labels:Okay, I'll call you if I need to. Okay, bye.	episode_done:True
text:Yeah, you still want to cry. Hello.	labels:It's her mother, isn't it?
text:Hello.	labels:Where? I'm Only's teacher, because I've seen a new concept one course here before. Do you need it now? No, there's one more thing: we have a lecture on primary school. Do you want to hear it? No.	episode_done:True
text:Yeah, hello.	labels:Hello, Ms. Wang Li. I'd like to talk to you about the children's participation in the basic oral contest before us. This time I'm in the game. Let me ask you a few questions. Don't forget the time. They'll be here by 7:00 p.m.
text:We had class that night before 7:00, and we could go to People's Square over there.	labels:He's supposed to be back in our campus.
text:Is it all over this side of the game? Because I saw a micro-letter that day that said three places to go.	labels:Just give me a second to ask.
text:Okay.	labels:Mr. Wu, they can choose the people's square, right?
text:The plaza is closed. It can be written in an online course for officials.	labels:It's the people's square that can be chosen.
text:Because we're just learning to think about it.	labels:You're learning to go to school, aren't you?
text:We're going to class at 6 p.m., and I'm going to let him take a test and then go back to the O.D. class, and I'll get the case ready.	labels:About an hour or so.
text:We'll be back in time, right? We'll be in touch.	labels:We'll be in touch with their campus.
text:Okay, so I'm the public data upstairs, right? Yes, please, it's okay.	labels:Good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mrs. White. Excuse me. I'm at the University of Pilgrim Language. Can I have a word with you?	labels:We're not interested anymore.
text:The ones with no interest have been protected, right?	labels:He's out of interest, okay?
text:Good question.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, another word. Hello.	labels:I'd like to see if a kid in second grade is suitable for a student? A light English or something.
text:He's in second grade now. Have you studied outside before?	labels:Are there any little places for fun?
text:You're a non-pedagogist, aren't you? What school are you at?	labels:Which branch of the serenity school is closer?
text:Since we have a couple of kids from the Quiet Zone, it's convenient for you to come here, because we don't have a campus in the Quiet Zone, and if you can come to our campus, you can come to class.	labels:You recommend which is better.
text:At his age, we read more about sbs on our side.	labels:Sbs is suitable for years of instruction.
text:Most of the children we're reading here are second graders, early in the year, some first graders, but that's better.	labels:Does that mean that if you're a little girl, you can't keep up with other kids with technical experience like this?
text:Because our class of fours starts this week, and then, if your mother is not satisfied, you take him for a test and let him in, if he thinks it's his first lesson and if he hears it, he can read it, if he can follow it.	labels:What day does it start? Saturday. Saturday, right? No for 1-5?
text:One to five, and if you want a class of one to five, we can drive it because there's a little boy or two asking for a class of one to five.	labels:Since school is done early on Friday afternoon, it is possible to use this time, if there are lessons available.
text:If you want a Friday class, then I'll apply for one.	labels:All right, give me your address.
text:Or I can send it to your phone.	labels:Then it's a one-week course, right? It's a one-week festival.
text:And then on week, we're on Saturday at 3.30-6, but it's over, if you're going to do it, we'll get you another one.	labels:Okay, so it's based on how many hours?
text:Seventy-eight of our 40 classes.	labels:Yeah. What's the cost of a year? 8,800, 8,800, huh?
text:That's 1%.	labels:All right, well, how long will Sds learn?
text:Essentially, 40 classes are less than a year after the completion of the sbs, and then we sbs go straight to the new concept after the completion of the children.	labels:Okay, I know it's 3:30-6, right?
text:You're coming to hear it, aren't you?	labels:Make an appointment for the audition, right.
text:I'll give you a date.	labels:You.
text:Leave me a call.	labels:1360113616017922626626262? It's Daplo, isn't it?
text:It's close to Rui Gwang on the Map Road.	labels:Okay. Yeah.
text:And then what's the kid's name?	labels:So I'll talk to Dad about which campus it's more convenient, because later I'll have to be involved in delivering something. Okay.
text:Take your time. The last name is the same as mine. Okay, then I'll send you the address of our campus. Okay? Then, if you can come by on Saturday, you can come straight by. OK, bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Nobody's here? Hello. I'm Mr. Lu. I'm going to send it at your opening in Dap. You'll send it out for me a month.	labels:I'll send you a screenshot of what you've written, and I'll send you a message, and you'll send it to Mr. Koo.
text:It's all sent together. He doesn't want to share it. He sent it in the mailbox.	labels:Okay, I'll see, 'cause I think you guys used some kind of QQ to get him a map or something.
text:I can't think of how you can save him with a picture, no matter what.I don't think so.What else does it say is that the form is for him or the compressed package, and you send him a compressed package, like you do.	labels:Three is three, one is an Excel.
text:Then he told me to send my mailbox to your micromail, and you took my mailbox, or he didn't know. He thought he'd never send it.I don't think so.Okay.	labels:Give me the mailbox and send it to the micromail, and I'll make you a screenshot now.
text:Okay, because I'm not here because they're not here right now. I've got a few things to do. Okay? Okay, I'll tell you about my mailbox and password later.I don't think so.Okay, okay.	labels:No. 139 is valid.
text:Yeah, actually, I have a collector's folder on your computer with my 139 postbox, and I'll just give you the password to your guests, and that's the user's name on it, and I'll keep it.I don't think so.Ok, I'll send you a copy of the mail box. I'll send you a copy of the mail box. I'll send it to you. I'll get it. I'll get it. I'll get it. I'll get it.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, it's the mother of the Lord Wei. I'm the teacher of Angli. You're like this. You're not in the class of Mr. Wang Linfan now, are you? Ben, then the class is over for about five classes, so I'm thinking, because Mr. Liu's talking to me, your kids are good. Good, and he's already passed the machine test. No.	labels:At the beginning of last year.
text:Is that right? Is he in fifth grade? What's the plan behind the first year? Is it hard to read? Or is it after Ms. Wang Lihua?	labels:I'll wait for his dad to come back and talk to his dad.
text:Yes, because here's what we're talking about this week: the 8:30 party, the school festival, and then a message from our teacher about the lecture, right?I don't think so.Yeah, if you have time, you go to the campus and listen to a friend's lecture if you talk to his dad.	labels:Is it in that place?
text:Not for ordinary citizens. The 9th floor is right, because for your kids, it's a really good session at home.	labels:Tuition lectures to the home country.
text:The Tuo lecture is 1:00-2. No, you can bring it yourself. You can listen to it yourself, because it's very helpful.	labels:His friend's mostly focused on saving money and that.
text:The finals and the new three.I don't think so.Yeah, because what you're saying right now is that it's really helpful that you're in the middle and you're building yourself. You're in the first place because you're in the middle, but are you saying you're in retirement or naked?I don't think so.Right.	labels:I didn't see the teacher send me that.
text:There's a message on it, so I'll send it to you alone. Okay, I'll send it to you alone, and then you'll understand.I don't think so.For this school celebration, our preferential activities are still quite large.	labels:I sent 2,400 to his dad, which means it's almost over.
text:Yes, because your child's words are good, they're still going up, and you know English is very professional.	labels:Good-bye, good-bye.
text:Okay, I'll talk to you later. See you later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Okay, okay, okay, okay. I'm here with Mr. Wu from Dad's office in Angli. Hello, I've seen you guys report a Tofu base shift on Saturday morning from 9:00 to 8:45 to 11:00, and I've seen the writing and hearing base on the paper on this side. We've been back a year. We've been back a lot. We've learned the Tofu base for other periods, because it's two weeks later in our class, and it's 17 now because it's about a typhoon, October 6th, October 11th, and it's 11th, and it's Saturday, and it's Saturday, and it's Saturday, and it's two weeks later, so it's Friday 31st, right?I don't think so.Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. It's a powerful lever. I've just sold it to you. I'm the one who got out of school without you knowing. I'm here to help you. I'm here to help you.I don't think so.I like to turn the pen first. Yes, I've actually been working with one of them, I've just come in, I've got 90 and I've got 90 and I've got 90 and I've been made up by my boss since I got out of school, and I've got so much to do, mostly because I've just come to ask questions about the login and password in Elec, and the grid keeps a little bit of the layout of each building and the location outside the address library. That's all I can do, and the next client can do it.I don't think so.The sign's working, the sign's working, they're sending you here, we're sending you a share, I'm going to help you dry them. OK, I'll just write to you anyway. OK, I can't do that, I'll take care of my aunt. You don't know you're going to a hundred days in the morning, but it's like a teacher with a last name. It's too big for you. OK, fine, fine, fine, fine.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Enrique. Hello.	labels:Now you're moving to the general food store? Hello, check it out, because I paid for it this year, like on October 24th, and I want you to know about October 24th.
text:Yeah, hold on a second. What's the kid's name?	labels:Called Chung Yu-cheng.
text:Wait a minute. Let me take a look.	labels:The writing class seems to be written.
text:Writing high school reading and writing?	labels:It's like 12 o'clock in the afternoon.
text:Wait a minute. You haven't heard from your teacher yet, have you?	labels:Not yet, ok, wait a minute.
text:And can you tell me the child's name?	labels:Alarm clock.I don't think so.The middle word's a little hard to write about the middle of the dog search I put it all in.
text:What's that word?	labels:Three dots of water, the upper right is a contradictory spear, and below are the upper and lower part of the bargain, full of oranges and oranges.
text:Orange, let me help you find it.I don't think so.It's really hard to find. You have to spell it all.	labels:You're in the middle of a complete spell, and it's in the middle of the seventh and eighth pages, the second and the third last.
text:I'll see if I can find out.I don't think so.Morning morning, huh? Morning morning.	labels:Can't you find one?
text:He'll come out with all the information in it, except for another student, so that you can tell me the number you signed up with your mother? 30456. 1306870606130589706. Here it is. Let me see it. He's the middle language. What does that mean?	labels:I think I've read and written. What do I learn now?
text:I didn't fuck him in grammar. Yeah, I showed it in reading and writing. I read it.	labels:It's over.
text:All reading and writing is done.	labels:You're studying grammar, aren't you? Yeah.
text:Then his grammar wasn't up.	labels:October 24th? Your Chinese grammar.
text:Can you take a look at the card next to you? Not on the little card.	labels:The card isn't with me, it's not on October 24th. Just a moment.
text:No. So I look at it, because we might say that his time was adjusted. When you signed up on October 24th, when you signed up, which teacher did you fill in the class on October 24th?	labels:I don't know who the teacher is. I don't know what I don't know, my teacher's.
text:Do you remember the name of the teacher? You don't remember? Yes. It's a woman in the front desk. She's wearing glasses. You don't remember?	labels:I'm you to go.
text:The annual should've just been him.	labels:It started with Little Tofford, and then the kid got a little late to change class, and he suggested that I change it.I don't think so.Then I'll take one reading and writing and one grammar, yeah.
text:Then I see that the grammar class in your system is scheduled in 300 classes, and if you haven't read and write, then I'll give you some time for the grammar class.	labels:I'm Saturday afternoon.
text:Saturday afternoon, right? Saturday afternoon, there is a 3:30-6 p.m. break for Saturday afternoon.	labels:I have one at night.
text:Oh, that would have been.	labels:Didn't it say 12:30 to that?
text:12:30 should read and write because we read and write at 12:30.	labels:The last time I wrote my card, it was clear.
text:So you bring in your eight-card card, right? You bring the student card, then you come to the campus, and I'll take a look at it for you, okay?	labels:Really, when exactly do you want me to come to class?
text:Because here, if you only have a few Sunday classes now, I'll give you Saturday time. You can't do that, right?	labels:But that's when you wrote it to me.
text:I don't know, because I didn't write that to you. If it's not grammar at 12:30 to 15:00 on Saturday, it's a three-point score.	labels:Well, I guess my last class ended in May/June this year, huh?
text:I don't know.	labels:Because his class ended in May/June, he said that there was another class written clearly on 24 October. He said that it was between what time and what time in the afternoon, that it was a mess, that you forgot about me here and that I didn't even carve it if I didn't call.
text:Let me take a look.	labels:It's September, you too.
text:Because I'm the front-office aunt here, I don't know.	labels:What do you want me to do now?
text:First of all, don't get so excited, because if you take the card and let me see, at least one of the counselors, we'll have to figure this out, right?	labels:There's a teacher's name on it, isn't there?
text:There must be, and I'm looking for you on this side of the system, because it's not what we say in class, it's Dilling, it's not Lee's teacher who gave it to you.	labels:I'll send you the card and call you back.
text:All right? All right, you'll see each other like this.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I'm sorry to start with that. Yes, it is.	labels:Hello, is it Liu Ying's parents? Who is this? I'm another teacher. Do you want to know if you've checked the results of this written examination?
text:It's normal, isn't it?	labels:What are your scores? 150, exactly 150? You're lucky that 150 is a passing line, then do you know the results of the individual sections? Hearing reading and translating three.
text:I didn't know that. We left a message to check him out.	labels:I did it myself, didn't I?I don't think so.Okay, there's one more thing you're going to do this year, because you're going to have to have an oral test on October 16th, and you're going to take this test this year?
text:He said he did not attend in November this year, and he said that he did not attend classes, so that November did not mean much.	labels:Right? Okay.
text:And then the month of March, right?	labels:Next March, it will also be possible to have a class of test masters in December, when you will be in December.
text:When do you sign up?	labels:You've already signed up, and if you can say this time, you can transfer it to your class. Oh, he's 6:30-9, Saturday what? Saturday's 6:30-9, the night is right.
text:Don't you have any other time so late?	labels:No more.
text:How do we get on 6:30-9 p.m. at that late hour?	labels:Two and a half hours, or a cold break, we will have a cold shift, which will be intensive for about two weeks in January for the winter shift.
text:The exam started in the last two weeks.	labels:The winter vacations are intense, and then you go back to the exam in April of spring.
text:Did you just say 6:30-9 p.m., and this class means we can't turn the past around, not go up during the day, not at night?	labels:You've already signed up. Just transfer your expenses to the class. You didn't choose the exact time of the class, do you understand? The oral test is right.
text:We said the money was paid together. Do you still have it in the daytime? Do you still have it in the Saturday day?	labels:What's daytime? Interpreters.I don't think so.You have an interpreter on Saturday.
text:Isn't it Saturday?	labels:That's the written part. You have the oral part.
text:I know the written test is still going on, right? Yeah.	labels:Our suggestion is that, while you have passed, the scores are not so high that you can continue the course and help you improve your reading or translation.I don't think so.Yeah, it can go on.
text:It's better to go on then than to go on with the cold. It's 6:30 to 9:30 in class. It's not even Saturday, it's still that far.	labels:Yes, or you'll cover it well.
text:You said I'd come back and ask him. When did you start the 6:30-9?I don't think so.December 5th. December 5th. Right, then the usual time.	labels:Last 14 weeks to March next year.
text:Until March next year.	labels:It's once a week.
text:Once a week, it's the same as it is now, right, it's only this time.	labels:Right.
text:And when does the winter break start for two weeks? School in January. Address. On January 2nd, I'll ask him for advice. Yes, what was on the phone at the time.	labels:You make this call on it.I don't think so.Well, there's one other thing we're going to do, and we're going to have a poster on the wall, and would you mind putting the kid's score name on it? All of us, we're going to do it every year, okay? This should be fine. We're going to put something else in the campus as an incentive, right? It's a lot.
text:Yeah, he started saying he didn't have a chance. He said a lot of things didn't come up.	labels:Right?I don't think so.It's not as difficult as it was in previous years. It's a written test. Yes, especially if you can hear it.
text:Then he started to worry, and then he said that there was a lot of stuff that he always said nobody learned at home.	labels:In fact, because he didn't finish his studies, he went on to learn, so he could go on.I don't think so.All right? Then you ask him about the exam, you tell him about it later, make sure you call us back in time. I'm worried about your name, just call me. Say you're changing classes or something, okay? Okay.	episode_done:True
text:I'd like to ask.	labels:There's a senior grammar class on Friday night, isn't there?
text:Friday night, huh?I don't think so.There's one.	labels:What time did it start?
text:It's you who wait a little while. I'm looking at the clock. It's 6:8:30 a day.	labels:He's at 6-8:30 on Friday night, isn't he?I don't think so.Yes?I don't think so.8:30, why two and a half small? Two and a half hours.
text:Our class schedule is two and a half hours.	labels:This teacher is a teacher somewhere.
text:This is our teacher in Ali's own foreign language. He's a teacher at the Secondary School Department.	labels:Is he a full-time teacher or a part-time teacher?
text:All full-time teachers for him.	labels:What's a full-time teacher's name? Does the teacher have anything on him?
text:It's a Chinese grammar class, isn't it?I don't think so.Employees.	labels:Is it an employee? Is it a teacher?I don't think so.A female teacher?I don't think so.When's this class going to last?
text:If it appears from September 11th, and if it is Jack as a whole, it will be by the end of January next year.	labels:At the end of January? Then I'll ask again, because I heard about Saturday and the same class as the employee teacher, right?
text:Saturday's not.	labels:There are no upper secondary grammar classes, and Friday night is 6 ~ 8:30.
text:Saturday's teacher is not his teacher's other teacher.	labels:But it's also a Chinese grammar class. Who's a Chinese grammar class?
text:Saturday's? What time is it?I don't think so.Tell me, Saturday is from 15:00 to 6:00 p.m.	labels:If I can't change my class on Friday, I'm on Saturday, right?
text:You can also fill in the class on Saturday.	labels:Now this class has been held several times.
text:I've been to five classes with this class since September 11th.	labels:Five times, and then the class teacher is Mr. Limpo, right?
text:The class director is Ms. Lee Xiao Jing.	labels:Xiao Jing.
text:Were you in college?	labels:Yeah, and because of that, my husband came over, he forgot to talk to one of the teachers and thought it was nice, but he didn't tell me exactly what his last name was. He said he wanted to ask him, he talked to him on the phone again, and I didn't know that both teachers were the same teacher?I don't think so.Are they all Miss Lee Xiao Jing? Look.
text:Yes.	labels:Can you give me your cell phone number for Mr. Lee Xiao Jing?
text:Why don't you give me your phone number and let him call you?	labels:You called me, didn't you?I don't think so.Call me. Tell me what you told me because my husband didn't have to call him, 1381883260.
text:1381883260.I don't think so.What's Chen's last name? Okay.	labels:You said I was in a hurry. I want to start tomorrow.
text:Start tomorrow? Yeah, I'll call you later.	labels:Can you get in touch with me right away, please?
text:Okay, don't say good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, it's Dazor Sung's mom. Hello, I'm Tsang of the University of Orienta. You're here to introduce me to Harvard's 2a class. Right, let me remind you, Sunday morning is Sunday morning.I don't think so.Okay, well, let's just say that we'll have one next Friday night, and you'll see if it's a good time for Friday night. We'll have a class on Friday night. We'll have a class on Friday night. I mean 9-11.30 a.m.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Ms. Wei? Hi. I'm from the university district of the English language.
text:No, thank you.	labels:Okay, okay. I'll see you later.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Miss Chow? Hello, I'm Yang Li Wei's teacher. You've consulted on a new concept course. Do you need it now?I don't think so.Hello?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lee Wei Woo.	labels:Hello teacher, I'd like to ask if it's a gift building or something.
text:Bought pants is a gift barb.	labels:So what's the T's reward? Yeah, that's three from the Alari Bara.
text:It's very small.	labels:That is a new concept of the new concept one.
text:It's a Sunday.	labels:It's Saturday.
text:Ribaroshmi was identified and heard you had to cry about you just now, that's Saturday night. All right, good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mrs. Wu? Yes, Mr. Lee. I've seen a new concept. We've taken a total of 31 lessons, 60 in total, 29 in total, 10 in front of you, 12 in June and 1 in September.	labels:Twelve times, then 29 times and 41 times. Right, that's 60 times according to the tuition fees at the time.
text:That's because you were hosting this, so it's more expensive than it is, and if you still have to go to a new doctor, it's basically a private class.I don't think so.Costs are different, and if you want to be sure to move to the latter part of the sentence, you are converted to cost.	labels:That means I remember 8,000, right? That's right.
text:8000 is 64 grams.	labels:Except by 60 we are.
text:If there's a cost of teaching materials, it's Elochka's, books and our online work.	labels:It's also charged.
text:Yeah, because Eloch said it once you could see it was 500 bucks for six months.	labels:So now that I'm like this, how much more can I count?
text:Elec says 1,200 plus 8000-1200, we're 60 weeks in total, and you just counted it out.	labels:Twelve hundred dollars so expensive.
text:80000 1,200 per 60 week. 60 weeks.	labels:And then multiply it 41 times, right?
text:That's right. There's 4600 more.	labels:How much is the average mini-class about 4650 now?
text:You mean the whole or the half color?	labels:Is the book different from the half book concept? Or is it divided by two?
text:No, if it's 6,000, 5,000 times, we're 12,000.	labels:It'll be 65 million.I don't think so.If that's the half side, it usually starts with 144 divided by 20, 70 grams? 73 grams. If I start with class 73, if I'm going to do it for a while, could I do it from 80 grams? Or are you?
text:It's not that we don't want to make up for the difference from the 7th degree, is it? Is that what that means? Right.	labels:Yeah? Because when I think about it, I don't know when I'm supposed to be.
text:Because at that time, you said that the kid didn't have a leg for a while, and I meant that you suggested that you take care of the middle class. You said you didn't have to, so there must still be a difference between 14 grams in the middle.	labels:I think the second half's still right because it's about grammar.
text:Because mostly you're missing a lot of classes.	labels:And to be honest, you're moving this place now, and I'm sending him here on Friday, and that place can't park because of the side of the road.
text:It doesn't feel right.	labels:It's not convenient, so if I'm thinking about taking a double break now, I'm already out of all the other classes, so there's no room for renovation.
text:What grade is he in now?I don't think so.Third grade.I don't think so.Third grade, actually, because he didn't actually get up from the front, and if you're free, it'd be better if you let him up, so don't say more than 80 points from the back.	labels:Anyway, maybe next semester. I'm here to do some paperwork, right?
text:You can come over, anyway. I just counted about 4600.	labels:Around 4650, that is, there are time limits for freezing, for example, six months or a year or so.
text:More or less, it would be better to have a year or so. Yes, if you're not sure you're going to read it in a year, just call us again.	labels:So you're supposed to be in the afternoon through the night these two days.
text:I'm here. Yeah, you can come over. I'll give you a list when I'm done. I can do it, but it's better if you come over and have one, after all.	labels:Yeah, I think it'd be better to put a gesture on it, because in case it's a long time, you're right.I don't think so.Okay, I'll call you when I get here.
text:All right, check it out on your tweet, will you?	labels:Okay. That's it. Thank you very much.
text:It's okay. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Buh. Remember when he did it last month. Did you take his systematic time test last month? Who did it? I didn't do it.I don't think so.You've never taken a test. Uh-oh, well, all right? Yes, but because I don't know how many times he's going to write about the remaining hours, what about the remaining hours? You can write one, you can't write one, you can't write it, you can't write it? I asked Xiaojun. I don't remember. I already asked. I don't remember. I don't remember crying.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, it's Wang Ho-Ri's parents. Yes, I'm a foreign language teacher. Did you have a course on new concepts for your children? No, now we're outside for other English classes? No, good, bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Who did you say was on the phone?
text:Who's your mother?	labels:I'm Xu Lo and Mom.
text:Mother Seo Lok-heung, you're the kid who's reading the new concept here. Second, it's Miss Wang's class. Right, because this class is about to end with five more classes. Right, so I'd like to talk to you.	labels:Five classes are over on the new concept two, right?
text:The textbook's right.	labels:Usually like our first grade.
text:You're still prepping, aren't you? Has he ever been to a class before?	labels:On the new concept.
text:It would be better if you said it because I suggested it.	labels:Because you know we're in school, and there's probably no time for what's fundamental, for basic interpreters, and I think it's going to take a long time for users to read the right ones.
text:But because your kids keep trying, I'm afraid he doesn't always have this type of lesson, that's what the teacher says, and then you have nothing.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lin Wei Woo. I'm at Xu's campus. This is how he's going to transfer it to us. Please help me figure out how much money he has left.	labels:Words are right.
text:The throat of a single man, then the rain is rain, and the fruit of a tree.	labels:Okay, I'll talk to his mom, okay?
text:His parents are already here.	labels:Can you give him the phone?
text:Okay, I get it. If you don't answer the phone, I'll call him right back tonight.	labels:Hello, hello, hello, hello, hello. I'm Mrs. Wei. I'm either talking to you about the rest of the class, or I'm going to continue reading on our side.	labels:We want to read it to us again on Saturday afternoon, because we are also busy on Saturday afternoon.	labels:Saturday afternoon we have.	labels:Do you have any? What are you? A new concept, a new class?	labels:For the new class.	labels:It's Big Ben, Ben. We're Little Ben.I don't think so.Ben's just one-and-a-half at a time.	labels:No, let me take a look at the sixth. It's 12:30 this afternoon, right?	labels:For us now it's 12:30.	labels:It's one lesson at a time for this class.	labels:Aren't we supposed to be in the morning now, 12:30, and then we're in conflict with other courses? We're in conflict, and we can't do it now. Am I not in this class?	labels:So you're telling me you're late for class. Must be Saturday morning?	labels:No, I have to be on Saturday afternoon.	labels:We also have classes this afternoon.I don't think so.3.30 - 6 p.m.	labels:I'm telling you, we're not in class 96 and we're not in it now. You keep this for me. You can keep it for class.	labels:That's right, because your class is on our side, so it's okay to come to our campus, including if you want to find Xu Fai, but you have to come to my side, and because I can figure it out for you on my side, okay?	labels:We'd like to see what time frame he has for his classes and how little time he can spend.	labels:We have one in the afternoon. I told you before, on Tuesday, we had a lot of new classes in that fall class.	labels:What time do you have on Saturday afternoon?I don't think so.Saturday.	labels:12:30 p.m. - 3.30 p.m.	labels:Six is a 12:30, uh, 3 o'clock.	labels:Yeah, there's another 3:30-6. Then 3:30-6 is tomorrow.	labels:It's Ben, isn't it?	labels:It's a little class for us, and you went to a little class before.	labels:Isn't Ben a little kid?	labels:No, the class we're talking about is the mini class. The number is within ten, not the age. Yeah.	labels:They're all graded.	labels:If I look at class 143, one is predetermined, one is fifth grade, and two are three fifth grade one.	labels:Mm-hmm.	labels:Yes, and on Saturday afternoon, this class is 16 years, 160 hours, the first and a half, because you have already finished the first and a half of the previous classes, and in the second half you can choose the class of one and a half.	labels:Right.	labels:Do you have time for today? Because you live near us, don't you?	labels:How much do I owe you for a little class?	labels:100 bucks an hour, 100 bucks an hour for your previous class, and not now.	labels:I didn't do it before.	labels:You went to the big class before, right? The whole book should have been 12,800.
text:We are.	labels:So I'll call your cell now when I get there, okay?	labels:No, what's the price of this Saturday afternoon?	labels:It's 100 bucks an hour.I don't think so.Because you didn't go to school before, but you didn't go to school before, so we can help you with the deferred credit.	labels:Okay, I know all right.	labels:You'll come to the campus.	labels:Okay.	labels:Do you think you'll be here tomorrow?	labels:Let me see what time I want you to get off work.	labels:We're at 7:00 today.	labels:Okay, because of that.	labels:Two classes will start tomorrow, or you'll come by tomorrow.	labels:Tomorrow's the first class.	labels:Yeah, it's the first class tomorrow.	labels:Okay, I know.	labels:Just do it right, bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, Mrs. Shen Jie. I'm Henri's teacher. Would you like to know if you're in the fall class and the new concept II is now in place?I don't think so.I'll hold it for now.I don't think so.Why don't you call me back if you want to? So I'll see you later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Buh-muh-muh. Hello, the number you're calling is on the phone.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, the user you call has no impression.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:The number you have dialed is busy. Please try again later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:What if I asked you if you were a villager on a one-on-one basis in August? I'd like to see 34 on a one-on-one in August.I don't think so.And then there's Chen Mei, and then there's the guy who's called? Tinry, you know? I don't know. I'm asking Deng, 40%. I'm asking Zhang, then you send me the famous one, thank you very much.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Ms. Lau? I want another teacher to consult with you in English last time. Yes, that course is still under consideration. It's okay, yes, because we have a lecture this Saturday, an English lecture. I don't know if you have time to come. I'm not coming. Thank you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Are we leaving now? Okay.I don't think so.That's what I set it up for later, and I'll come up later, so good-bye, this one.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lee. Hello.	labels:I'd like to look for the finances of your side, because the last time I came here was for a mid-term interpreter, and then he said he wanted to look for a class chief or something, almost half a month, and he said to call me around the 15th, and you have to ask Fan Xiaomeng for me.
text:What's your name?I don't think so.Mostly, it's going to be his financial absence today, and he's gone one by one.	labels:First, you left my message and asked him to call me because I left it last time.I don't think so.Okay.
text:Say it.	labels:Zou Xiao.
text:Zhao.	labels:Hoo.
text:Little little.	labels:The cover of the Mount of Elmmon.
text:That's the one in the front door, isn't it?	labels:My cell number is 1391391679169526.
text:5526.	labels:You note the refund for the middle-level interpreter, I've filled out the forms, and he's going to check with the headmaster. Now, because you've just moved here, he's got a lot of information he can't find.
text:Okay, I'll call you back.	labels:Okay, thank you. Good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, I'll give you a call. October 24th. Hello, your call is on the phone.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Because this time, if you say you don't have one, and you tell him what he's responsible for it, I'll ask you one thing. If someone says it's not good, will you answer me good or bad?I don't think so.I mean, I just said that, and then you're gonna apologize and ask me to tell you, and then you're gonna call me back, okay?I don't think so.It's not very well run by the organization.I don't think so.You're ready for the air, aren't you?I don't think so.What? We're gonna say we're gonna call next door? Let's go over everybody and find out what they say. He could be.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Yes, I do. You see? What I'm suggesting is that we listen to Kayo's lecture in Liu's country. It's 1 to 2.30 on Saturday.	labels:Hello, my friend's parents? Hi, I'm Angli's teacher, and I'm calling to remind you about the new concept two program, and I'm going to have a regular class tomorrow at 3.30 p.m. to 6 p.m. Then I'm going to ask you about the new campus address.	episode_done:True
text:Buh.	labels:Hello.
text:It's Lin Jin's mom. For you, I'm the student who answered the school in Angry. Hello, I've got a message from you. You've consulted our English class online, right?	labels:Ping is in fifth grade.
text:It's fifth grade, right? What kind of courses do you want to ask?	labels:You guys.
text:You want to ask a new concept? Has he been in contact with you before?	labels:I've read one and I've read the concept of childhood.
text:He read the 12th edition.	labels:And then adults read one.
text:Isn't that right?	labels:Excuse me, do you have a 2nd? 2nd grade, 5th grade, right?
text:Fifth grade is a second grade. If he had read it before, yes, a second is a second, and then we'll have several two new classes this week.	labels:Where's your address?
text:You know there's a high school in Lou Bay right here at the Lagarde Roadside?	labels:I'd like to ask you at Macau High School what kind of place you're going to have with Angli? Or?
text:We're in the same group, the Ally Education Group, but our group is in the branch, like ours in the foreign language, which means we're in the English language, they're probably kids, they're in elementary school, they're probably in painting or writing brushes, and there's everything in language mathematics.	labels:Do you guys have Sundays or Sundays or something?
text:It's on Saturdays. You'll see when it's convenient. You'll see the day off. Yeah, I'll show you the day off. There's one on the Sunday afternoon.	labels:What time is it?
text:13:30-6 p.m. on Sunday.	labels:And then we can.
text:Then I'll see if there's any other time. There'll be a new class on Friday. Which one of you are in primary school?	labels:We are.
text:It's a small stone, right? It's easier for you to come here on Friday afternoon, isn't it?	labels:What time is it at noon?
text:3:40-5:40.	labels:Yes, because on Friday, because I can't work on Friday for the first time, we can come by on Sunday or Saturday afternoon.
text:Sunday will be fine, and on Sunday I will look at Sunday afternoons and come straight by.	labels:You know, I asked my friends, and you had some star teachers, and you said it was better to follow them, and there were some better teachers to introduce them.
text:Because, in our other words, we don't have a star teacher or anything, which means that you can rest assured that our teacher's qualifications are exclusively English, and because Aungli's words mean that our first department is English, so if our teacher comes in, he's better qualified, he has teaching experience, and if he's not busy, he must have taught elsewhere.I don't think so.We still have Sunday.	labels:If you're here, is it starting with lesson two?
text:For kids starting with the first class and then class, it's basically fifth grade.	labels:Okay, so what's your cost?
text:It's 100 bucks an hour for our class, and then it's like we're reading the whole new concept two years, 24,000 two years.	labels:Do I have to give it all in two years? Or can I give it to you first, or can I try it first?
text:In the first lesson, I can arrange for you to try it, if you think it's OK to sign up again.	labels:I'm going to have to pay a lump sum for a good two years.
text:Yeah, that's what our class kids do.	labels:Okay.
text:Why don't you come over and listen?	labels:It's a good Sunday afternoon, isn't it?
text:I'll send it to your phone for Sunday afternoon, and then at the exact time and the address, okay? Then you can come straight to me.	labels:He lasts two hours each time, right? Two and a half hours. Two and a half pairs.I don't think so.Was there a break in the first place? Is there a break in the little one?
text:This won't be boring, because what we're talking about in our new concept is because our new concept is the Ace class, so for now.	labels:Because I have a friend who rents it at your flagship shop, the people of People's Square.
text:It's rented in the square, isn't it?	labels:He's coming with us, too, because he wants to get closer.
text:Well, this is where the family lives, isn't it?	labels:For me, it's this side of the Trail.
text:That's close to us, and our kids are basically close, because they're young, and parents don't feel comfortable if they're far away.I don't think so.Right.	labels:Okay, it's across from Lou Bay High School.
text:It's right across from Lou Bay High School. There's a big smelting parlour, you know?	labels:I know just that.
text:On top of this building, we have a Kim Woo Business upstairs next to it.	labels:I'd like to see if you've just come back to see you.
text:All right, I'll send you the address and the time. All right, that's it. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Please. Hello. You're calling from outside.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Shanghai moved a call.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:Hello. The user you dialed is off, please.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. The phone you are calling is dialed off.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Is that what Big Brother said?	labels:Hey, it's Wu Shinseng's mom, right?
text:Yeah, hello.	labels:I'm a foreign language teacher. Do you want to know what the kid's grades are for this year?
text:Over, thank you.	labels:Let's go back to the kids and see how much they get.
text:Not high, 174.	labels:170 is okay, it's not that low.
text:Yeah, well, thank you for teaching, but I think some of it's okay, right? It's a professional comparison.	labels:It's hard, isn't it?
text:Because they had gone to the exam without going several times together, the translation scores were not very high, especially since the English translation was slightly lower, and the sound was okay, as it could be related to the constant reminders in the school as well.	labels:The English language level would have been easier for the English translator and harder for the Han-young.
text:Because we have a problem in high school.	labels:For those with translations, right?
text:More or less, the music is usually called the Han Industry Hospital, and I don't know if the subject you brought in is just two parts, a little bit higher, usually a little bit higher.	labels:The English translator is usually a little taller.
text:Yeah?	labels:Because there's something in Han-young translated into English, and it's not so good, but if you look at something in English that we can read, it'll be better if you use it a little bit, and you'll learn a little bit better.
text:It's a good reading anyway. It's a good reading of more than a dozen.	labels:It's good. It's good reading.I don't think so.Because we also have a student on his side who has only gone on, and whose hearing and reading do not translate well, but who can get an average of the whole score, so it's 100, and it's 176.5, so he's almost as untranslated as you are, yes, so it's a common phenomenon.
text:How's it going? How's their class?	labels:This is a good one, with high scores and, of course, with or without passage, but only a few of the things that I have now notified have not been adopted, basically.I don't think so.I'll let you know that the big score is more than 60 out of 150. The other one's higher, it's 205.5 for the mother and he's surprised, too, that Don snuck into the baby.
text:My kids.	labels:Yeah, so I think 170 degrees is good enough for you guys to translate and not learn, right?I don't think so.No lessons have been taken.
text:Yeah, and then I think it's better for him than for me because he's got a full score of 90, and I don't think he should, because he used to have a good hearing component, so he said he didn't have a problem.	labels:It's a little lax, there's no meteors on the exam, there's a few places.I don't think so.Yeah, so sometimes there's a little bit of an accident in the factor, yeah. Yeah, so it's pretty good, right behind you guys.
text:It's supposed to be okay in there.	labels:Class is good in class. It's all good. Right. Then you have an oral test on your back. Will you come in this year?
text:I feel like I haven't done it once. I don't know about the process. How many times do I get to do it?	labels:On our side, there are two kinds of stutters, one of which is a weekly gold stutter, and the other of which is an intensive pre-test, both of which is an intensive pre-test, so look at your child's time, if the child has time.
text:And when I hold my arms, I give the costs of the oral test in kind of a weekly, just a regular shift.	labels:That's 11,000, right?I don't think so.You should call it once a week. Then I say if you wait for it once a week, then you wait for the first class in December until next spring.I don't think so.And the other is that for the first time you want to feel the mood of the exam, you can try to do it, and you can go to an intensive course, which is an enhanced class course for the examination before the exam, which is.
text:What's the pace of the customer? It's a little tight.	labels:It is once and once a week, and the first cycle is short, because it is dominated by the November examination and by these students.I don't think so.Second, it's three hours at once. Oh, right.
text:Maybe we don't have that much time? There's no time.	labels:It's all because he's on Saturdays and Sundays, so if you think about it, you can come to the class on Saturdays, November, and we'll do it once a week, and then next spring?I don't think so.Yeah, well, you're supposed to be here once a week in December, right? Is Saturday 6:30-9? Saturday 6:30-900 for me.
text:Do you have a 5th grader?	labels:Now only this one. Saturday.
text:It's okay for the moment.	labels:It's okay, yeah. Okay, if you're sure.
text:Because I agree that Saturday can't be changed, and I'm not free on Sunday.	labels:There are now more than a dozen people in this class, so we're definitely going to do it, so we're not going to do it.
text:So it's a method of control. When's class?	labels:It's December 5th. Take a look.
text:There's basically a phone call for the 5th of 18th. There's still a couple of times to translate because I've passed, but I'd like him to finish this.	labels:He's been in a few classes after the translation. A translator's got to be 14 sessions. You're gonna have to make a big estimate.
text:Let's keep this in mind.	labels:Him.
text:It's supposed to be about December, isn't it?	labels:And if you really don't have time for this once a week, then you'll be able to take our winter break, and the rest of the class will be on Mondays and Fridays, just the last two weeks.I don't think so.Right.
text:But it's not bad.	labels:Yeah, it's all right.
text:Isn't that right? If we're on vacation, do we take remedial classes outside? It's yesterday.	labels:It's Monday to Friday, and he's in the same time frame, 6:30 to 9 am.I don't think so.So, just two options, you'll all be able to see what's going on, because he's gonna have to translate later, right?
text:Yeah, but I hope it wasn't over last year.	labels:Are you still up in the back?
text:But now I'm going to let him up.	labels:You can wait for him to come to class, and if he wants to take the exam, he'll just talk to the teacher, okay?
text:It's okay with the storm, but your time's not in conflict, it's not in conflict.	labels:It's not conflicty.
text:Do you have anything on the Internet?	labels:Maybe it's not that detailed online, is it? It's better for you to ask the teacher what's better. I've got something to do, okay, okay. Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Biz. Hi, Mom. I'm a teacher in a large other campus on the Internet. I'll let you know that the new concept of the children's paper is about to begin in the first 85 hours, and then I just added a message to you. We have a micro-blogging group in every class, and we'll put everything in every class. I'd like to add a little bit to this, because your cell phone number won't be able to find you.
text:I'm supposed to report it to you, aren't I?	labels:You give me yours.
text:Frank, I forgot.	labels:This number can't be received. Good phone number, right? Yeah. Or I can add it.
text:All right, all right. Otherwise you're looking for me. I'm looking for something.	labels:You search my micro-signal is Kiko.
text:Wait a minute, 72831. There's more.	labels:What's 728728?
text:Is there any more Kiko 728? No, wait a minute.	labels:Well, I'll add you to the class and I'll send you an opening notice later.
text:Why don't you take a look? Okay, bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm.	labels:Wang Xinghong's mom? Hello, I'm Anly Russia. Where's the location at our door?
text:You can drop it like this. It's the right thing to do.	labels:Being friends.
text:I'm sorry to think about it, but the other one doesn't want to drop you.	labels:It's been a few weeks since I had time to snap his feet.
text:That's what I can't afford.	labels:You can't afford a prayer. It must be Saturday for the day, right?
text:Because like that.	labels:That's not the one. Right? Good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm. No. As long as you hand over your right time, that's it, and then that time of coordination or no three, you'll be right twice a week.	labels:Hi, I'm a foreign language teacher. Last time I asked you to speak English, remember?
text:Saturday.	labels:1:30 p.m., will you confirm?
text:Sorry to call me. My wife said I'd be outside.	labels:But it was okay, you said 101370.
text:1937193788, right?	labels:2882882288, huh?I don't think so.Okay.I don't think so.Your last name is Wang? Thank you very much. Bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:What about Harvard class? Xu Han Feng.	labels:Dad, right?
text:I'm from Angli. Mr. Wu agreed to contact you yesterday. You're going to be a class teacher, aren't you?	labels:That's what we're talking about, isn't it?
text:Hold on a second. Check if Xu Han Feng is in there during the oral test. Wait a minute. Let me show you what time it is in December? December 5, for December 5.	labels:6:30:30.
text:Saturday at 6:30 p.m.	labels:That's the class at 9:00.
text:For this class.	labels:Then there's no way to report it, is there?
text:Let me help you find out if there's any Xu Hanfung in there. Can I even ask you to turn it in? I'll turn it in? We'll call you when we start.I don't think so.Wait a minute. Can you see if Xu Han Feng pre-dated the annual report? Delay X.I don't think so.It's big, it's big, it's big, it's big, it's big, it's rich, it's rich, it's rich, it's rich, it's late, it's three points, it's big, it's rich, it's rich, it's good.	labels:The teacher or you?
text:The current rhythm should be that I'm in the group anyway, because I'm in charge here, including one of the guests in the campus, so you can contact me directly if you need anything. Okay, that's it, that's it. Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, I'm the teacher of An engraved foreign language. Do you need English courses overseas that you've consulted with us before? Where? Angry foreign language.	labels:No need for the time being.
text:Don't you need any other English classes?	labels:We haven't, which side are you?
text:We're 8 million on this side.	labels:Not yet. I don't have time for this right now. I'm doing Sat or something.
text:You're going abroad, aren't you?	labels:Okay, I might want to go over to your side for a high school grammar.
text:High school grammar, huh?	labels:There's no time for this. It's high school grammar.
text:If you say you need it, do you want to take a winter break or do you want to do it next spring?	labels:Depends on the time.
text:Is that right? You're making sat now. Are you leaving the country?	labels:We've got basic training. What are we going to do?
text:Did you go to Tofford?	labels:The Toffords are ready. They're trained in your line of work.
text:You read it on our side? That's good. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Who knows.	labels:Pulled out of the inside and signed up behind you with my micro-letters and I don't know where to get my micro-signals.
text:Hello, the user you have dialed is not available for the moment. Please call later.	labels:The...
text:Sobscriber is not.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Dad.	labels:Mom.
text:It's all about talking.	labels:Send a little.
text:Next Tuesday, I'll answer you on Sunday. This team is sure to listen, okay?I don't think so.Okay, I'll, uh, I'll call you next week, okay? Okay.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:Ha ha. Pull.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:Him.	labels:Don't hold on to my phone, go to hell. I called two of them yesterday. Hello, are you Chen Noir's parents? Hello, I'm a teacher in the English language. Here's the thing. If I call you here, I'd like to do a written interview with a middle-level interpreter. Have you checked a score of the child's written test?
text:We didn't do it. We didn't do it. Maybe you're mistaken.	labels:You're going to take the exam, right?
text:That's right. Someone called me today, too.	labels:Because I did it the other day.
text:Okay.	labels:Maybe there's been a mistake. Okay, sorry, good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:And then I'll show you. Okay. Then I'll go and see if I can't change what he's going to change without a student, because we know that college should come, and I'll be back here, standardizing the classroom, and last time we'll all write it down, just when the new Wang Hainan newspaper's sister-in-law signed up.	labels:I just made him a transfer. Thank you.
text:Pudong Food City. Hello.	labels:Isn't it Wang Yu Bai's mother? I'm Wang's teacher in English. I'd like to ask if you've got anything on the written test? He's useless.
text:They took 145.5, didn't they 50?	labels:Yeah, it's a shame, a little bit.
text:I think he's stunned. He's always been there, and then our class teachers change it for us. I don't think I've had an exam before, and we don't know if we're going to go any earlier, do we?	labels:I'm sure you haven't finished your words. Three parts of the hearing translates and reads all three?
text:I don't know what's going on with the three of him. Do you agree to pay him back? No.	labels:This is what you did. You reported it. Did you report all the oral tests? Right.
text:Last time he didn't go to class, he said it was the right one to wait for his grades.	labels:When the grades come up, you can do it now, because now it's going to have to pass and then go to the exam, and you're a little short this time, and you can do it again next spring, because there's only twice a year.I don't think so.Next spring, you'll probably have to do a little prep.
text:I've been told it's the new East, it's the inside. If we don't pass the exam, can we?	labels:We didn't. Because you didn't say much worse, and you rewrite it again, and you have a long cycle and a year to go.
text:It's not that we don't have to let him do it for a while.	labels:Before spring, ask the kids if you've finished your class.I don't think so.Some kids are hearing interpreters, like learning two modules, or the third one hasn't finished. Ask him first. Okay, if you're not finished, you let him study the rest of the class, then get ready for March next year. Okay?
text:All right, I'll ask him again what he learns, and then I'm on your end of the cycle Saturday, right? Right.	labels:He used to be in that class. Ask him.
text:Okay, I'll ask him again. Okay.	labels:All right, let's do this, shall we?	episode_done:True
text:Okay, you're dialing the phone.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Can we find out now?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:That way.	labels:The money has already been paid for 20,000 dollars.
text:Hello.	labels:I'm calling to remind you of the new concept of the children's paper. Tomorrow at 3.30 p.m. - 6 p.m. - I hope the kids are not late. And tell you about our new campus. Do you know what I'm saying?	labels:I don't know, I'm going over there.	labels:Okay, let me tell you, it's Pudong Food City.
text:It's time for kung fu.	labels:That's right, Pudong is on the other side of the bar.	labels:Which side is it? Is it the video line or the food next to it?	labels:There's a McDonald's building next to the store. Pudong Food City.I don't think so.9th floor.	labels:Right.	labels:All right, tomorrow afternoon at 3.30-6.	labels:Nine-nine-nine.	labels:Not 90, the whole 9th floor is Anly's.I don't think so.Well, thank you very much. I did.	episode_done:True
text:Smart eyes will shine back on my arms, pursue the world, and I'll be moved if I don't choose an adult, and you'll love the scoring center, why just prove that we're in the country?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hello, is this Hu Tianwei's mother?
text:154, each individual fraction is convenient.	labels:Tell me, what's the score for hearing? 63 for hearing.
text:And then it's like it's okay, it's about 1.54 million over.	labels:It's pretty good.
text:It's a new hospital, isn't it? Yes, and I'd like to ask you if you'd like to go to the high scores.	labels:I don't know if you're interested in high scores.
text:One hundred and eighty looks all right.	labels:If you don't want to do this, I'll write it down. It's up to you, because it's good to have a kid in the first three.
text:There is no choice, because we are in our third year, and now I don't know what to do, and I'll see what happens.	labels:That's like waiting until after the end of your third grade.
text:Yeah, 'cause there's some of you who don't get a quick shift in the winter break, right? There's some of them.I don't think so.Is the class the same? The same. Right.	labels:The live room is a little more intense.
text:I'll see what I can do. I'm sure I can't do it right now.	labels:Yes, yes, I'll make a note for you, then.
text:What if the winter break is okay? Let's see if we can't do it or not, or we'll just wait, because I'm paying the whole class crap.	labels:Right, I saw it.
text:Keep in touch. All right. You can call us if you need anything.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:The number you dialed is not a local number.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mrs. Wang. I'm here with Ms. Wong Lee. He's reading the new concept two now. Then we've got five or six classes to finish, and I remember you had half the basic exit, and you didn't finish it, right?I don't think so.If you're finished with your new second reading, will you continue reading your old machine?	labels:That means I think he's a little hard at sixth grade, and I think he'll be able to read it in the winter break.
text:It's kind of a hard-on, isn't it?	labels:Yeah, because if you read it for another five or six weeks, it's probably only a month or two.I don't think so.It's almost the end of the exam, isn't it?
text:Right.	labels:And then there's a lot of interfaces.I don't think so.That's right.
text:You'll be better off with a cold break. Yes, because if you don't, you'll have time this week, because we're out of time. Yes, look at which one of you is more appropriate.	labels:All right, let's take a look at it at the beginning of class.
text:Okay, it's okay. Can you call me if you need anything? Okay, bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm-hmm.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Pack it up. The number you're dialing is empty.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Okay, hello, your call is off.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:It's Chiang Yi-ja's parents. Hello, it's Chiang Yi-ja's parents. Hello? Hello, can you hear me?
text:Can't you hear who you're asking?	labels:Isn't that right? Hello, I'm a teacher in Yang Li's foreign language. Your kids are studying Chinese grammar on Friday night, and now they're in fourth class, so we're calling back to the children's studies. How's school?
text:I did not ask this paragraph, and I went back today to ask him.	labels:Ask if it's okay, yes, it's an aspect.I don't think so.There is also one of our six-week lectures in English, which is in our dad's campus, so I wonder if you have time for him to come over and listen to an English-related lecture.
text:Saturday afternoon.	labels:It's sixth grade for him now, isn't it?
text:Seventh grade.	labels:Right at first? For him, there are two rounds on Saturdays, one on Saturdays at 1 p.m., and the other on Sundays. One is a domestic series, and that's what happens after a new concept or a lecture like this.
text:Is it an audition or is it a class?	labels:It's a lecture, an English lecture.
text:Saturday and Saturday are the same, right?	labels:Saturday is not the same as Sunday, but so is your child on Saturday, and so is Sunday.I don't think so.Sunday is the day of basic interpreters and Little Tofu.
text:I don't think so. What's Sunday?	labels:You're either Saturday at 1:00 p.m., okay?
text:You can ask him.	labels:If you want to come, that's what you do, because there's a class where you can talk to Mr. Lee.
text:Then you can sign up.	labels:Yeah, he'll know when you're a teacher, okay? Okay, let's do this first.
text:Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mrs. Liu's parents? Yes, I'm a teacher in the English language. These mothers have come here to test their children for a new concept, and they want to do an audition, and now we have a new class, and they don't know if he has time on Saturday.	labels:You have a new concept here, don't you?
text:Right.	labels:He's already gone to Infu.
text:What do you want to read in Infu?	labels:To learn from you in clothes.
text:Is that a new concept?	labels:What's your name? If you've got a new concept on the phone, he's on his way to study.
text:All right, let's do this. Bye. Okay.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:You're late to say you don't have a car. 456166 can be complicated. Do you have any doubts about reading the material you just read?I don't think so.I don't know if he's in touch with me. Did you go to Tung Yong's class? No, I told him that Mr. Lee was the one I used, and then I thought with these two fingers. That's good. Look here, help him with the annual check-up. You told me I was at home 400 bucks.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:VIII	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:What class are you in?	labels:Hi, it's Lee Woo-hyun's mother. I'm here with Yang Ji-Li. He's not trying to be nice on our edge. He's good every time I look at his grades, including his homework. I'd like to ask you, because the new concept two in this class should be over by the end of October.
text:I haven't thought about it yet.	labels:What grade is he in? I think I remember first year or first year. What school are you at?
text:I am.	labels:The suggestion might be to take a look at your side. Are you going to be self-built or naked, because he's supposed to be good in English in school at that level, isn't he?
text:I don't want to know if I'm willing to tell you that by then I'll have nothing to do with it.I don't think so.Well, there's no name.	labels:What you are saying is that you are focusing on an improved capacity to test, or is it an improved capacity in an integrated manner.
text:And that's what I think, and I think it's still necessary, and of course it's also needed. Well, look, he's got a bad mouth and everyday application, but it's not that good as soon as he gets to the exam.	labels:Here's what I'm suggesting, which means that you may be better off reading the final exam, is that an overall improvement in your overall capacity, which you should try, would be more targeted.I don't think so.But he read three new threes at that level, so he could read them all.
text:I don't think freshman lives too hard.	labels:Not as hard as he is, but it might be better for you to add a middle class to his entire transition, because your child now has a clear purpose, right?I don't think so.So I think it's better for him to be in the middle school class. In one case, the middle school grammar, the middle exam, four points.
text:Right.	labels:Depending on your time frame, are you saying this is the only time you're going to be able to do it? Or are you going to be able to take classes at some other time?
text:For the time being, it has nothing but a few sports projects.	labels:Well, here's what I recommend: we're going to go to grammar on Sunday mornings and Sunday afternoons, and we're reading three points, and we're going to have a class last week.
text:I'll think of a few more lessons.	labels:Let me take a look at this.
text:44 two, bye.	labels:There are six more classes in this class and five more classes in this week.I don't think so.Yeah, that's a month.
text:I'll think about it again.	labels:You talk to him, and I'll call you on Friday, because if you try, we'll set you up, because we're still at school this week. Yeah, and there's some lectures you see, because they'll be sent in.
text:I saw you send this stuff.	labels:It's kind of important for you to come over and listen to your friends' lectures.I don't think so.The one where we're talking about a home-grown trainee lecture.
text:Is it for parents or for children?	labels:In fact, it's best for your parents to have their children with them, but if they don't have time to listen to them, because he's planning your entire country, it's important that what you do later, including you go to school, be careful what you do, what you learn.
text:That's right. When are you guys supposed to be?	labels:I'll send you a separate message. Okay, it's a national friend's lecture, and then I'll set a reservation for you.
text:Okay, I see your time.	labels:Sure, I'll send it to you. All right, let me know if you need anything. Good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mrs. Shen? Hello, I'm at the Limi-language university district. Can I talk now? I'm at the English-language university district. Can I talk now? Would you like to make a return visit? Hello, Ms. Xu? This is a wrong number.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:Buh. Hello, Mrs. Chan. Hi, I'm going to speak in a foreign language to the schoolteacher. Hello, you're going to sign up for a sbs class for your little friend. We're going to start tomorrow and then on Saturday, September 5th, and then we're going to have a 3:30-6? Well, then I'm going to have a microscopic, and I'm going to add a microscopic message to you, and your cell phone can be searched directly.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, it's Eileen's mom. Hello, I'm here to answer in English to the school district's teacher-in-law. Hello, let me tell you about the new concept of the children's paper. It's Friday, and then it's 6:30-8:30. No problem. Okay, then I'll be the class's teacher. You can start at 6:30.	labels:What's your name?
text:My name is Yu, I'm flying, okay, bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mrs. Chiu. Hi, I'm Mr. Space Joy, and I remember meeting you today to try out? Yes, I'd like to ask if you're on your way, because it's 12:30.	labels:I know I've been.
text:Downstairs? Okay, good-bye. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:I'm from Taipo. I just called from here. I have a kid named Jung Ding-ho. The name in your system should be Jung Ding-ho, and he's the new concept 2 in Yong-Gang campus, class number 4143394.
text:What's the problem now?	labels:He's going to turn around now, so you can take your side to class.
text:The point seems to be that there's no record of the new concept on our side, just Tofty's. Let me take a look at 143394. Right?	labels:It's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad, it's not that bad.
text:Howe, right? He's moving in, isn't he?	labels:If you'll excuse me, I'll give you an extension, or I'll go back to Carne.
text:Why don't you go over there? You can give me your phone, but that's it.	labels:Because he's writing it on my side right now.
text:You give me a class call. I'll transfer it to your class. Can you handle it yourself?	labels:How much is 143,23217? 1432,174,3217.
text:I'll turn you around. Did he take lessons on our side?	labels:He's supposed to be on your side. It's not like that. If you can take that course, you can change it for me.
text:I can only help you. How many classes are in the system? Let me check with the teacher.	labels:Because that's why we're here, and he's here because if you do, you don't know that we've been here since class number one.
text:So I'm going to turn around, 'cause he's going to have a class on your side.	labels:What I'm saying here is that it's not convenient for you. If it doesn't matter, you can return the course to Carne. It's the cost of the course.
text:It's okay, okay?	labels:If you return to Cane, I'll help the parents, okay?I don't think so.Okay, thank you. Maybe sometime.
text:Once completed, financial records should not be recorded until the evening.	labels:Not until nighttime.I don't think so.Okay, thank you, uh.I don't think so.Bye.	episode_done:True
text:You don't think his hands are so deep.I don't think so.The number you have dialed is busy.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hi, it's the prince's mom and dad. Where are you, Mr. Ally? Didn't you just finish your plane? What are you gonna do when you're done reading it?	labels:It's a good arrangement. We'll wait for the exam.
text:So I'm going to talk to you on the phone to see what you're doing.	labels:Let's go back and talk about it. The first one wants to wait until the exam is ready.
text:Okay, I'll call you when I get my grades.	labels:Okay.
text:Good-bye, my last name is Lee. You weren't looking for me.I don't think so.Let me ask you something, because his mother talked to me the last time she came, said she wanted to read grammar, and then I said that his grandfather's book made him read his final exam, so let me ask you now, what do you think?	labels:I don't think that's a good idea. You don't want to borrow it.
text:That's right, this thing's too high-rate.	labels:We're not going to read your IPG, are we? It's not going to be. It's not going to be.
text:No, that's a mid-level interpreter. Didn't you want to go to middle-level?	labels:The middle level is, after all, he's in abs and abs, isn't it?I don't think so.The adults are separated from the children, aren't there now?
text:There's always been a baby. There's no baby.	labels:It's not Shanghai, it's the interpreters. It's not about splits.
text:No no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no. That's no no no no no no no no no no no.	labels:I mean, in the words of the accent, Shanghai isn't talking about changing, it's all grown-up kids.
text:But it won't work for you. You've finished your test. It won't work for you.	labels:Yeah, right now, I'm just saying you can do it. This one's a broker, right?
text:And it's not like you're still an adult. You're an adult. You're an adult. You're an adult.	labels:It's the adult component that doesn't score, or the adult component that doesn't score.
text:There's a point about taboos, but we don't do it on our side. If we don't do it on our side, we don't do it on our side.	labels:We're all adults now, we're all adults now. Okay, I know. I'll go back and talk to them, okay?
text:Okay, bye-bye, Miss Lee. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Miss Jung? Hi, I'm a teacher at the University School of English speaking Foreign Language. I'd like to know if you're in high school. You want to know if you're going to attend some English tutorials if you're out of school? We're out of the country. Okay, thank you for interrupting.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:The package is off-site phone please.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Your Excellency. At the center, I just sent a message to his mother to show you the address. The parents will send him the address. He's not going to the meeting, if bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mr. Wu said yes. One of his calls via you is off. Please call later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, your call is in the middle of a call.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Papa Seo Jung-jae. I'm Miss Wong Lee. Hi, I think he's been taking a couple of vacations all this time, right?	labels:It could be between reading physics last time.
text:It's a conflict, isn't it?I don't think so.And then I want to ask you, because this class is over four or five more times, and I want to ask you, if he's going to read it first, are you going to read New Three? Because I remember you guys reading grammar and reading and writing, right?	labels:Then I'll talk to him later, and then I'll think about it later.
text:When to go.I don't think so.Well, if you're sure you'll contact me again, because there's a school festival this week, and then there's a lecture about the country, and I don't know if you'll have time to listen to it.	labels:Let's see if there's anything left.
text:You can do that. If you need one, just ask it. Okay? Okay.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Your number is offline, please.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, can you scream for me for a second, please? He's right there. You wait a minute. Hello.	labels:Li Shau Bai. He's a good teacher. You can check it online. He's a middle school teacher.
text:Teacher, the man and woman are Lee what is Li Shau Bai.	labels:Yes, and then the grammar is the construction business of Zhang, and they're all teachers on this project.
text:That means your grammar class is Sunday.	labels:That's right. That's right. That's the way it's going, that's the way it's going, that's the way it's going, that's the way it's going, that's the way it's going.I don't think so.It's a step forward, and it's a step forward. It's a step-by-step.
text:I know, well, this calls you.	labels:That's right, Li Shau. White, white, white, young, white. So good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:It was because of the circumstances.I don't think so.Hello.	labels:Hello, Mom. My nose is up and their primary school teacher is done. You're like Dr. Mondon, because you've just been held up in the fall? It's 9 o'clock, and it's green enough to help you. Let me tell you first, I might be a friend.
text:I remember a million brothers. When did you start your shift? Saturday.	labels:There are not many teachers in the new concept on Saturday.
text:I'll be there.	labels:Because every week we talk.
text:We're all talking. I'm not sure I can do it tomorrow, in the field.	labels:In the field? Yes, because our name is ours, because the chief thinks I can come to them just now, and Dr. Yang wants to clean up the coffers to help them.I don't think so.Just like Mr. Mundong-Yu because he was given spare parts, you see, C420 said that if he came to class, every little friend's attention was OK and OK.
text:Can I talk to you tomorrow anyway? Tomorrow.	labels:Okay, listen to them. Okay, I'll call you tomorrow or something?
text:My sister will be in touch tomorrow after I return to Shanghai later in the evening.	labels:Okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay, okay.
text:Hello.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:The number you have dial dizzy.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lee Wei Woo. Hello.	labels:I'm looking for the shop teacher. Hello.I don't think so.You just called here to make amends for 103-105 grams, right?
text:Right.	labels:Because the teacher's words last week ended with 100, and then I expected three classes this week, because this class is three-time, then 110-103.
text:Next time it's 104-106.	labels:That's almost why I figured you'd have to do it twice.
text:Okay, I'll talk to my parents. Thank you. You should come tomorrow if you want to. Right?	labels:I'm Hu.
text:Mr. Kozuki, I know. Thank you. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:They're all pretty much, yeah. Okay, okay, good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Okay.	labels:Let the eyes make my arm go back.
text:Hi, it's YOON Ho Wen's mom. I'm here to run a school district of Enrique Bay and 800. Miss Wu, you're reporting a Tofu basic course. We're starting class at 12:30 on Sunday, October. I know it's in the new campus. You know it's 601 Jan Road.I don't think so.Okay, let me ask you again if your cell phone number can be added to your micro-mail. We have a class micro-message, and then we have information like a notice or a student's work, including a study, and we'll communicate with our parents in the group.I don't think so.Okay, okay, okay. I'll add your message later. OK, OK, OK. I'll take you to the class. Okay? Okay. Okay.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hey, did you sign up with your parents yesterday? No, no, who said that you had parents yesterday? Didn't you say that you had parents yesterday? Yesterday he stopped coming, and he pushed them 400 to Friday for four days?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:You go home. Your call is on the phone. Please call later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is this Miss Tao's phone? I'm speaking in Angry, so I'm asking if your little friend has recently attended some zebras in English. No. No kids? No kids? No kids? No kids? No? No kids?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I didn't.	labels:I just said one thing.
text:Xu Qing has checked. You were just cooking.	labels:Cao Xuyang's mother, right?
text:Right.	labels:I'm here with Mr. Lee. You're right. How does he feel when he's finished his basic oral exam?
text:He said it was a little difficult to pass, and he said so.	labels:Right?I don't think so.However, the interpretation was difficult this time, but his children's hearing should not be a problem, the point being to look at his exams.
text:Actually, he seems to have some problems with the translation.	labels:It's just a translator from the accent exam, isn't it?I don't think so.And then I want to ask you one thing, and there's one more thing you need to do, 'cause you're about to finish on Tuesday, right?I don't think so.Your kid's the first. I remember what was going on behind you.
text:I'm taking a break.	labels:Why don't you take a break?
text:Wait.	labels:Are you going to wait for the winter break for that heavy shift, or are you going to wait for March/April next year?
text:Not necessarily, because there's too much up there and then there's a rebound, and now he's his age and you're going to have to ask him for advice.	labels:Okay, because I'll tell you what you're gonna do.
text:I haven't decided yet.	labels:Okay, okay, you can call me anytime you want. Okay, good-bye. Bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Miss Kim. I'm sorry to bother you. I'm from the Sanctuary. Can I give you a visit?I don't think so.I'd like to ask you if the kids are learning English, for example, if we don't have a new concept course, and the giraffes we've learned don't have giraffes, right?I don't think so.Okay, then we'll end up in October.I don't think so.It's over in November, isn't it?I don't think so.You'll be thinking about a new concept-like course. Where are you? We're at Dapu Road Trail, across from Lu Bay High School. Last year you spoke to our teacher, Mr. Wu. You probably didn't think it would be appropriate for you at that time.I don't think so.I'd like to ask how big your kids are? We're in the first grade this year.I don't think so.First grade, huh? Oh, last year just started first grade. You're still early.I don't think so.If that's the case, you're not interested in a sbs course on your side, because it's a good one, but I asked if it's a bit out of date. No, the first one is that we're here for the course. It's a classic course that has to be connected, including a new concept. Before he learns the course, he must have a good connection, so the effect would be better.I don't think so.Bye-bye, bye-bye.I don't think so.Horses.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:How do you do? Mr. Kwok, how do you do? I'm the one who reported to you on Wednesday No. 11 in mid-September, and I'm the one who helped you switch to that guy's campus. Can you help me tell you that the kids are more naughty, help him change the front, they set up a group yesterday. They seem to have a family name. Why don't you say hello?
text:It's a little ahead, isn't it?I don't think so.Right.	labels:Because we're in the 8 million campus, right? His class director's name is Wang Livang.
text:Your child's name was given to me.	labels:The child's name is Shiyu's dialect.
text:Master, wait a minute.	labels:Yu is Yotsu, Yotsu, and Ho's words are three points of water. You're inherently recorded. We bought a gold card. You can't remember it was possible in mid-September.
text:Are you buying a card from me?	labels:You did it for me.I don't think so.It wasn't my name. You told me he was a little leader.
text:I know what you're talking about, right?	labels:And then that day you received me.
text:Because I know it's my fault, because you're not really my student, you're Mr. Feng's student, right?	labels:Okay, he's naughty, I told you.
text:I know I remember you saying that I'm a student because I can help Mr. Feng personally, so can I help you with this? It's fine, and you can leave a number here because you're a student of Mr. Feng. I don't have a phone. I can't see 135.	labels:642642908990189, huh?
text:13564290889.	labels:That's so naughty. I found out the little game read him.
text:Which row are we in?	labels:There's no class yet. October 16th.
text:You didn't start the class, did you?	labels:When you're in class, it's almost time to remind you.
text:Well, there's no problem with that.	labels:On Friday night, on October 16th, the car was driven.
text:All right, I'll talk to their supervisor.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mr. Wong Leero said you'd wait a minute, I'll call Ruthie. If he hadn't been here, you'd have called in 10 minutes, and he's not here.I don't think so.Which teacher are you? I'm Mr. Yang. I'll give it to you. Okay, good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, what's the name of the pawnshop? Yeah, like the new concept on the door. Where does Monday and Saturday and Friday last two weeks?	labels:That's the concern.
text:I'm going to read Shinichi. I've already asked.	labels:You got it, don't you?
text:Which two of me are relevant.	labels:What you're not talking about on the 8th floor 5 is that you're taking the first step to little CD design, logic.
text:Wait till, like, three, they are all of the cd CDs.	labels:Fall in the ground.
text:Wait for the two of us to be honest together.	labels:Yes, they're all for me.
text:And then ask for a few years in the first period.	labels:Say your friends know it, but it's no big deal. Individuals. Both.
text:Take a look.	labels:The classes report you.
text:Then I feel this way.	labels:My cold light is 150, and that's 120 for eight, and 150 for 150 now thinks he's cool, that's slow class.
text:Time is the same.	labels:What time?
text:Both.	labels:Half an hour for that.
text:150 whatever 150.	labels:It's for the younger ones, almost two years.
text:That's your sister.	labels:You think Kim Gison's in third grade, he's had an English class before. Right? You've been tested here, haven't you?
text:We're here for class.	labels:Hear that right.
text:I've been to class. I've been to a lecture.	labels:What's your name? Xu Man-Ying's farmers don't have to give him back to each other.
text:Two-thirty-thirty hours. I've just had three 150s and 150s.	labels:This one's 120.
text:120, what does 1120 mean? I still don't understand.	labels:120 is almost three to four lessons per session, and 150 are two lessons.
text:So there's no room for you, like a slow shift in a CD.	labels:There's no more ground. My brother always sells it.
text:For slow class, the top one is fast 3-4 grams, and the bottom is two to one.	labels:C, c to c, two to c, just a few. Right.
text:This has to be registered.	labels:44 on the price. 120.
text:Because the two next ones are different, because when can they end?	labels:44 weeks up, and the next word is 60.
text:What's the end of 60 weeks?	labels:For 60 weeks, and then crying for my light, in September, I have to pray until the end of March of each year.
text:I'd like to overdo those.	labels:120, right?I don't think so.Can come back for the test.
text:We can't do the tests yet.	labels:You can measure it, see where it's going, and I'll explain to you that I've just tested it because the long side is a few dozen cs and you know it.
text:I took a break, because I read a little bit about the new concept of teenagers.	labels:Good reading.
text:That's enough for that and so on.	labels:Including these can.
text:You keep it for me, and then I don't pay. I'm here for $20 million a week. I've paid for it.	labels:It's hot in Li, so I'll be around to help the teacher just get on, okay?I don't think so.Which company is 2 of 422? Well, I can see that, so I'd like to have something given the background, right?
text:Because that's what we're doing here, isn't it?	labels:Here you go, yeah.
text:Work with you.	labels:It's more on your back because I've been carrying your class almost two years ago.
text:You've been here for two years. We've been working for three years or so.	labels:Third and fourth grade. And then there's the third and fourth grade.
text:Yeah. Well, can I just feel like I want to start talking here by Friday?	labels:Here's the 8th floor.
text:I don't know if it's the first thing to do here, yeah.I don't think so.The courtesan has a teacher.	labels:The gift bag teacher's 100 copies.
text:6 ~ 8:00?	labels:Yes, there's a bag that Mr. Chu didn't put on.
text:Who's the teacher?	labels:Landing has to be left to the ground, not to the ground.
text:No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.	labels:Not low in the middle.
text:Not both weights are the same.	labels:This is winter.
text:With bitter wine.	labels:Now, there's two hours on Monday to the stables alley.
text:Lee.I don't think so.The address of the middle of Rome.	labels:Lee Barlow's Yangpo Bridge.I don't think so.This is from Teacher Chow.
text:Which teacher are you?	labels:Saturday's on Mr. Chu.
text:I'm confused now. How many lessons does he take on Saturdays?	labels:He's on Saturdays on Mondays.
text:There are three hours in the afternoon. Two and a half hours, right? Two and a half hours. The thing is, the next two hours are like 8.6 words, more than 2060 words.	labels:Right, 150.
text:I know. Can you wrap one up for me first? It's 12:30.	labels:We'll be here when we're good. I'll just call my cabbage and think about it.
text:All right, then we'll get two sticks. Some of the dolls are here.	labels:The New Testament is a possible application from which kids must be based on the same level.
text:Because I chose a friend to have a little friend who studied more than 30 lessons, and now he's starting to learn again.	labels:But it depends on whether he learns from a school or from a school where he learns from.
text:He took more than 30 classes, and then he started starting again with the first lesson.	labels:He learned it from here and probably from there he's sure that my old house is old enough to go.
text:I'd like to make sure that this is the last thing you need to know about the screws on Sunday.	labels:I want to talk to him later.
text:My brother's a teacher. What's this kid called?	labels:4-4 weeks. Good.
text:I know, I didn't give it to you at the end of my work. I've been here eight times, so I know it. You are.	labels:Got it. I got it. I got it.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:This is the Pentagon area. You have a student named Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xu Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi Xi can check for me?
text:Syntax:	labels:Two caves depend on the ibo blue.
text:Say what you say your name again.	labels:Two Xu, and then two Xu rely on it.
text:Still.	labels:The lateland is the lateland of Poland.
text:Three points of water, right? Yeah. I don't have any extensions on my side.	labels:The system didn't extend him, did it?I don't think so.Yeah, his mother on my side called, which means that he said he had a mid-level interpreter before, and then he had a golden class for the written and oral examinations, and he said that he had called earlier to say that you were very helpful.
text:I'm not on the system.I don't think so.Is he going to report now or what?	labels:Yeah, he's gonna go for the oral test.
text:You sent his class chief to help him check his attendance and, after completing the examination, asked him to run it for him.	labels:You didn't delay him in the system, did you?
text:How's the money?	labels:Okay, I know. Okay.	episode_done:True
text:And if you're right.	labels:Little Gilling in the bag was signed up by North Brother Ring in the middle of the 3rd.
text:A smart cup is needed to keep the pesticide reimbursement funds of the Central Ring Auschwitz brother Oswell confidential with the driver of the Chinese pesticide Doug School.	labels:Where is it possible to be safe?
text:You can't say you're all dead.	labels:Not to say he's 6 years old.
text:How about some kind of operation like Uxlan Hill? It's better out there.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:That's right. The main picture, the kids grew up a decade ago. It's no good. It doesn't change much, because it's about a cheating or something. So I'm leaving.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Ha-ha. Why can't two people buy one? There's no more, including the two I just had to pay back.	labels:That means hello to Shenyang's mom.I don't think so.Hi, I'm Mr. Ning's teacher-in-law, and I'd like to ask you, because in the autumn class, we're in class tomorrow.
text:Forget it. We'll talk about it when we're done.	labels:Okay, bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:You're Miss Lee? It's me. I'm sorry. I'm still eating.
text:I know what school your child is in second grade.	labels:It's Fukuyama's.
text:Right, Fukuyama? And what you're saying here is that you want to read a new concept.	labels:We're out there reading Cambridge, for no reason or then.
text:If you're here, you've only been to other Cambridge courses before, haven't you?	labels:We've read that if we were to say kindergarten and first grade before this, there would be no other difficult change.I don't think so.So the problem is that we're looking at it now, because we want to add something to the school curriculum.
text:Isn't that right?I don't think so.Here's what I'm advising you to do this week, because it's not because Fukuyama's school is still good, you're still good, but Aungli's side is based on Beyo, so we're going to give the targeted child an entrance test, and then it's going to be more comprehensive in terms of words, grammar, hearing and reading tests.I don't think so.Yeah. And then I'm going to look at one of your courses, because the second grade is mostly about trying. You're not just an English fan, you're going to have to try to combine, because after a year or two, you're going to have to face a little promotion problem, right?	labels:Yes, that's the case with our parents, and we say, first of all, that this is about consciousness and, secondly, that there is a language environment in the class, which is also a matter for consideration.I don't think so.So, because I had a few training institutions that tested a lot, and I didn't feel well, so the last time I said you were a marketing person, and I said that if you could test it out and look at it from the point of view of the money, that's not what I was thinking, because first of all, that's what I was thinking.
text:It's my personal consideration, so I'm advising you, and I'm not saying it's because you went to school or something like that, and I'm going to talk to you about it.I don't think so.First of all, Angry is a very professional institution, and you must know that Au Bell's words are based on the fact that there's a lot of kids on our side reading a pseudonym, right?	labels:You probably call randomly, too, so it's not random.
text:This is what you sent to headquarters for us to call.	labels:Yeah, your headquarters information may be random, but I'm just on the border, because I have some knowledge, so I feel able to communicate.
text:Right.	labels:For such a consideration.I don't think so.I think that's the way it is, time, because we're taking classes on the weekends, and the weekends are basically off the test from Saturday mornings and the rest of the time, so we probably don't have any other plans for this weekend, and this is if there's time for some nights, maybe you.
text:It's easier to have a medical check-up at night.	labels:We'll have dinner with you at night, and the time here is probably all right.
text:Because you're going to make an appointment in advance, and we're going to do it with ipad as opposed to another agency, so you're going to give me a chance to save it for you, in one case.	labels:I'll test it for about a while.
text:Half an hour to about 40 minutes.	labels:Right.
text:Because Ipad tests, I'm telling you, it's comprehensive, and if you get to any of the institutions, it'll be accepted. The second test will be compared to the students and schools of your own age.	labels:Teaching should be targeted.
text:Yeah, so I mean, you bring the kids here to understand, and that's definitely what you need.I don't think so.And the second time you test it down, I'll recommend your curriculum according to your child's level, and we'll have a special curriculum for each course, so you can read it yourself, and then understand it yourself. Because this is a two-way selection, and you choose us to choose you, right?	labels:Better. Okay.
text:So it's easier for you to look at your books, because this state is our school festival, and 16, 17, 18 is our three consecutive days, and the first is that we have a lecture in it, and the second three days have some kind of concessionary activity, so if you're more convenient, let's see when it's easier for you to spend these three days.	labels:These two have been going on for a few days.
text:Right.	labels:It's okay if we let him come straight to you tomorrow after class.
text:Tomorrow it'll be easier for you to see what time it is.	labels:He's supposed to be here at 3:40.
text:That's what I'm gonna do for you at 4:00. Yeah, and then I'm gonna send the address, uh, to your phone, and then I'm gonna include the time of the test, and you come straight to me, and we'll talk about it later.	labels:Okay?I don't think so.Okay.
text:That's right, because much of what you say is based on a system that doesn't know your kid's situation. He's a good class for seeing your kid, and then I can give you a specific introduction, right?	labels:Yes.
text:I'll send you a good address here at 8:30, the Pudong Foods, and the Wolves were upstairs at McDonald's.	labels:Is this the first food store upstairs?
text:Potato Food City Wine Building.	labels:First food shop in the general food city.
text:General Food City is not 601 Jang Road, Pudong, First Food City.	labels:601 me.
text:The address will be sent to you. As far as I'm concerned, my address will be sent to you. It doesn't matter.	labels:Let's get in the bus anyway.
text:Okay, I'll send it to you anyway.	labels:Okay, okay.
text:If you have something to do with it.	labels:How long are you testing?
text:I've been telling you for half an hour to 40 minutes.	labels:Okay?
text:Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:It's in the bag.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:You're yellow.	labels:Mr. Yang, let me tell you something. Do we have it now?
text:A new concept for Friday night. Working? A few Fridays.	labels:Look at Mondays or Tuesdays on Fridays, and then, yes, and then there are those who don't work. Can you show me if there are those who don't? It's simple.
text:On Friday night, one of them started work on the 6th of November.	labels:November 6th, huh? How many people are in class this year?
text:Can't tell.	labels:The numbers are not clear. What time is it on November 6th?
text:6 ~ 8:30.	labels:6-6-8:30 New concept, November 6th Star 2 is there? Star 2 is there?
text:Friday night, isn't it? Friday night, Tuesday, it doesn't work.	labels:There's no new class, right? Okay, I'll call him to see if he's there. Bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:I'd like to ask if you're a regular student.
text:Point is.	labels:Do you know the number for the school meeting?
text:Did you ask him to speak English too?	labels:That's right, because we're out of line. Because you're the only one on the phone.
text:You can come over here and do it first, and then because the whole thing works, because it's too far.I don't think so.You're a call from Xu's campus, right?I don't think so.Yes.	labels:Yellow Mountain Road over there.
text:Your home number.I don't think so.32300380, thank you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hi, Mom. Hi, I'm Ms. Enrique. Hi, because the last time you asked the kids to help you with the class, it might be too late for you to say what we're doing on Sunday, because we've got class 42, so we'll be able to do it in two months, because we're starting this month.I don't think so.Well, one is Friday night, after school, 4:15:15:6.15.	labels:I can't. I've read math to Mr. Xu.
text:Not even 6:30-8:30, right?I don't think so.Friday.	labels:Not Friday night, because at 6:15, you have to read math.
text:It doesn't matter if we go to this. We have it on Saturdays. He'll be here for a second on Saturdays, 12:30 to 3 p.m. on Saturdays.	labels:Yeah, yeah, yeah.
text:Well, I'll talk to you when I get there, or you'll remind me again, maybe two months at least.	labels:I can't remember it either. It's either you or me.
text:I remember, right? Okay. Well, you can do it this time, okay? Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I know I've always been invisible at the cost of flying between me and I want you to see it.	labels:Hello, is it Mr. Wu's mother? I'm a foreign language teacher.I don't think so.We haven't checked yet, have we? We can check now. Oh, well, let's go back and ask the kid about this year's exam. Okay, I don't have any money, okay, so that's it? Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Him.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Please enter the telephone number you want to call.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Yao Joon-mom? Hi, I'm a teacher at the University of Au Li, so let me inform you that your little friend's Harvard 2a class is going to be in class on Sunday, and then I just added a message to you, and we'll have a microscopic group in our class, every time we send a homework or something, and then I'll just add you, and I'll drag you into the group. OK? Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I'm sorry, Pupa.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Your call is on the phone. Please call later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, hello. You're on the phone.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:It's interesting to know who knows today. I know. Don't doubt it.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Oh my god	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Ms. Chan? I'm the chief of the class, Mr. Lee. I'm listening to you. I'm listening to you. You want to know the grammar class on Friday, right? Because I'm the class teacher.
text:You're right. He didn't care about your phone. Then he left your phone, but he couldn't find it.	labels:I am.
text:That's it. That means, if you'll excuse me, whose cell phone is it?I don't think so.I'm his father's sister. I had an exchange with you earlier.	labels:You mean his dad's in charge, right?
text:Yes, can you contact him this way because he's been talking to you before?	labels:Dad contacted me before, didn't he?I don't think so.Okay, okay. Can you tell me about Dad's phone? Can you hear me?	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mom? Yes, I'm here to answer to the school bus teacher. Hello, I'd like to tell you that the sbs class you signed up for your little friend starts tomorrow. Tomorrow, on Saturday, September 5, I thought we'd have to wait the next half, not this week, then 3:30 to 18:00. Okay, I know. Tomorrow at 3.30-6 p.m., I'll send him information for 5-10 minutes or so.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I ended up on the phone, uh-huh.	labels:Mr. Yang's mother-in-law, I'm a teacher in Lin's foreign language, so I'll let you know first, and I'll be on duty on September 3.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is Xu Yun right? Hello, I'm another class teacher in the neighborhood, so let's tell you, we'll be in class tomorrow. At 6-8:30 p.m., I'll just give you a little bit of credit. You'll see we'll have a microscopic group in the class, every time we do the homework, and then you'll add it, and I'll drag you into the group, and then you'll add your parents or your parents or your mom to the group, and you can bring him in. Then you can add me now, okay? Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Here's the money.	labels:Then it was rounded up.
text:That's a good deal. 208 bus tickets and rainbows.	labels:And then we'll look at it together.
text:Mm-hmm.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mr. Chan's father. I'm a teacher, because I think it's better to call you and make it clear, and then it's hard for him to hear what he said last time. Don't you understand?	labels:It's like you don't even know 9 of the 10 words when you're breathing.
text:He doesn't know. Well, then it's like this, because many of the teachers on our side said that there might be some kind of failure to keep up with the new concept from the beginning, that he might keep up with it sometimes, so that you could try first and try harder in the home.I don't think so.The second point, like one of our students, is to listen to our teacher's advice, saying that he may not have learned the new concept, and that he will read it at the same time as the first half of the 2nd Star book on Monday, because the new one is now read because he is in the third and fourth grade, so if he wants to consolidate it now, he can say that if you have time, he can do it again at the end of the day. That is to say, we're talking about the second half of the new suit, and some of it's more grammar knowledge than it is at the top.I don't think so.So if he has time for the second half, you can let him read it at the same time.	labels:These two are with you, aren't they?
text:That's the way it works, because it's the beginning of a new concept, because he's saying that basically I write about 50 minutes and 60 minutes every time, and his mother's in a hurry, and then when we hear our teacher say we're off work, he's reading about 60780, like he's reading Friday night, and reading at the same time, like he's doing about 20 lessons on a new concept, and now he can take the test, and he can take the 80-cent test every time he writes.	labels:Why don't you talk about it?
text:Well, you can talk about it. You can tell me if you have any questions. It's all right. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I'm working for someone. I need it.	labels:Mm-hmm.
text:I think it's hard to lead the choice, and I think I'm talking about the good old days, and who knows that I'm at work, and so on.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Barbie. Hello, Miss Wong. Hello, I'm a teacher at the University of Pou, with a foreign language. I understand you want to ask about the new concept of third graders, uh, the new concept of English. Should we join the sbs? It's third grade? Can you hear me?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Yes.	labels:Is there anything else that doesn't react like I just did?
text:Okay, good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:Hello. The user you have dialed is off at a later time.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hi, I'm here to play at the Pou campus. You have a little friend here, Fai Man-jung. We've got a gold card for your shift, and we want to check the amount. Can you check it out for me? Thank you very much.
text:The balance available in Caca was $10,920 plus $2,500.	labels:035 is 10920+2500, right? Yeah, I got it. Thank you. Bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, I'm Don Meiji's mother. Hi, I'm the teacher-in-law of the University of Aurich, because I saw you enrolling in our new concept II course for a few days, and I'm the class's teacher. Hi, because this class is supposed to start on Sundays, because it's a holiday day for our country, so we're just saying it'll be a week later. Okay, next Sunday.I don't think so.Okay? Okay, I'll tell you about it next week. Okay, bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lin Wanyu.	labels:Well, that's just the word in the group, that's because there's not a kid in the preset class who transferred him to another mini-class.
text:It's a good Wednesday in Mini Class, isn't it?	labels:I forgot the class number. I sent the class number to Sunrise City. See if it started on September 9th. Okay, September 9th should be Wednesday, right?
text:Well, that's the best I could do, isn't it?	labels:Right.
text:Okay, we've got two couriers, number one.	labels:When shop No. 1 was opened, I wanted to get my invoices and the list that I sent out and beat up the car because I couldn't sell both of them.
text:Okay, I know, okay?	labels:And there's a 90% discount, which would be the last reading and the beginning of a visit to 51737.
text:Good to know.I don't think so.Okay.	labels:It'll be easy when it's ready, and I'm staying because I'm gonna ask you to send me some mail and I'll wait for my cell number.
text:Okay, step five is asking questions.	labels:138,11381.
text:87388739377313818874973. Good to know. Good to know.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hi, Mom and Dad. Excuse me, but I'm speaking English, so I'm asking if he's in some English remedial classes right now.I don't think so.Not yet? Okay, excuse me.	episode_done:True
text:It's hard, so I feel so lucky, huh?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh...	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lin Wei-woo. Is the teacher here? Wait a minute.I don't think so.What Wong loves to hear is that if we don't talk to Guangdong, I'll change it back, and I won't change it back, because I wanted my capital for the Friday season to be reasonable, old, and I wanted to bring him up, then I changed it back to Tuesday, right?I don't think so.If I go home in September, I'll tell you you're less than 3 o'clock, if you go home on September 3rd, if you don't know what's going on here. Good son can't change it. I just pulled in. It's okay, I'll give it to him myself. Right?I don't think so.Thank you for sending my son back to each other. Okay, okay. Yeah, yeah, yeah.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lin Wai Woo.	labels:Okay, I'm coming myself.I don't think so.Tung dji and fork cooking. Yes.I don't think so.Hamburgers are all right.
text:Look at this meal. We eat everything.	labels:You have nothing to be afraid of.
text:No hot, willing to eat anything.	labels:Isn't it? It's off. It's off. I'll be right there.
text:Okay, he's not enough.	labels:Great, isn't it?
text:Qq, you said in Beijing which home is Long Kong, and it'll be postponed until next week.	labels:Next week, right? Okay, then mine.
text:Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:You don't know how many stories you've seen? I said, did you look good? Did you look good? Did you also have a good eye? It's good to understand you pick TV shows. Hey, hey, hey, hey.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I'm on the phone.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Lin Wei-woo. Hello.	labels:Is that Orie? Yeah, I'd like to ask you about the by-election class you have here.
text:There is.	labels:You're across from Lou Bay High School, aren't you?
text:That's right. Do you think it's convenient?	labels:It's easier, isn't it?
text:Are you listening to your friends who have classes here? No.	labels:I was recommended for this course by their teachers.
text:Yeah, it's true that a lot of teachers recommend it.	labels:It's about the ability to develop children, the ability to transfer, or whatever.I don't think so.And then I asked you, were you here for hours?
text:We're once a week, once two.	labels:Is half an hour also attended by Chinese and foreign? No.
text:We're next to the Middle Church.	labels:Are you still on the south side of Tibet Road?
text:No point without me? No.I don't think so.Which side are you closer to?	labels:It's nearer here, but the point is that I heard our teacher introduce him to a three-hour course, followed by, uh, a half-hour middle school, an hour-and-a-half foreign school.
text:Maybe it's a kid.	labels:It's English, isn't it? Isn't it gorgeous? Yes, what's on your side?
text:We're a foreign language. Isn't it a family? Yes, it's a family, but in general, we're in English.	labels:Can we try over here? Yes.
text:Can you see that you're on Saturday?	labels:Saturday.
text:3:306 p.m.	labels:3.30-6 p.m. Right. I'll call you if I have to.
text:Yeah, well, why don't you leave a message for your little friend? Let's check it out on Friday.	labels:Zhang Han's bow was long on the Han's side, as if nothing had been done.
text:What school is a good kid now?	labels:He's a mentor.
text:What grade is it?	labels:3rd grade? Good, 'cause Sebn's kids started in 3rd grade, right?
text:Not because our third grade is generally about this, but we suggest that our second-year friend learns the course of the track, and then that it may be relatively simple, but that it is a course that is spoken and of just more quality.I don't think so.Secondly, our third-year friends here are proposing a new concept, because they are all old schoolbooks.	labels:I know, but it's more likely to be applied to Setbansi.
text:It's more likely to paint, but if you want to take an exam in your school, the new concept is more like the children of the teachers of the Luan I Centre II, who are now studying the new concept in their first grade.I don't think so.For the first steps, they have plans for the first steps, for the in-school examinations, or for competitions abroad, to learn new concepts. Yeah, but you can listen to this, Saturday afternoon, and you can look at the Sbs class, which is basically a second-year friend.	labels:He doesn't test his own course in the Setbansi, or how do you charge his fee? Does he collect it once a year or six months a year?
text:We're just a year in two semesters.	labels:How much do you think it's gonna cost a year?
text:Almost 100 bucks an hour.	labels:100 bucks an hour, that's 250 bucks a time, right. How much is that, uh, a year?
text:It's a whole year? It's 8,800 a year, and our prices are on the Internet.	labels:It's 8,800 a year, isn't it? That's right. Okay, I got it.
text:Okay, I'll check with you on Saturday this Friday. Okay. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, your caller is on the phone, please.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hey, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on, hold on. It's fair next year. Hello. Say it. If you say that you're going to class 4 tonight at 6:30-9:00, can we come by and make up if we're in time? Yes. Make sure you're sure you're done with class 4?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Queries.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Li Wanyu.	labels:I'd like to ask if it's a good time. You say I'm Ms. Zhang from the list.
text:Yeah, 7032? Yeah. Some of them were supposed to be yesterday, but he couldn't make it, and then I might call him next week.	labels:One was on the 2nd of September with a list.
text:What's the name of September 2nd?	labels:Miss Chow.
text:Miss Chow has taken over two bottles of what she died on September 2nd, and he's got 20,000, right? He's not even a dollar for a ticket, is he?I don't think so.That's right, sign up.	labels:Did the two kids report it together?
text:Report 30,000.	labels:What's the other kid's name?
text:One's called Xie Hue, the other's Xie Hue.	labels:I'll write it down later. It's called Xie. It's the universe, isn't it?
text:Woo is giving.	labels:Yes, give.I don't think so.Okay, thanks Woo.
text:Hang on. Hang on. Hang on.	labels:There's another one called "Thanks"?
text:Weather week.	labels:That's 30,000 for Harvard, isn't it?
text:One for Harvard and one for Harvard, right?	labels:12 is more than 30,000, isn't it?
text:That's 30,000. He's got 30,000 cards, they're...	labels:Did he sign up on number 43? Because what number was the feedback given to me at the time?
text:Number three.	labels:I'll take note of number three.I don't think so.You look at me like there's a list from September 2nd, Ms. Wang, and this one's following, because it didn't give me any feedback at the time.
text:September 2nd, Ms. Wang. September 2nd, Ms. Wang or Ms. Wang, what's the status of 136,7722593?	labels:When he said that, he had to put 1-4 in class, and it wasn't too good that he just tested out his new clothes, but his mother wanted to put him on, but he usually didn't have time, he couldn't take a two-day break, and I took a look at the 3rd of September.	labels:September 3rd test, right.	labels:And what he's saying now is that he'll be sure next week, because he's interested in classes at the school, and he's gonna set a date, and one day in 1 to 4 is empty, so we'll schedule a lesson. No time, thank you very much. Bye-bye.	episode_done:True	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mrs. Chu Yun Fei's parents? Hello, I'm Ms. Enrique. You said that you were right. If the child didn't read a new concept on our side, he'd been reading it for over a month and two months. I'll call you back, and I'll tell you about the children's class. By way of class, his children are more serious and his homework is done well, but he's the memory of the word, and it may not be too good to write it down every time, saying that he may have to write the words before class, and then some of his entire text may have to repeat it, and perhaps he may not be familiar with it.I don't think so.Well, there's another one we're not celebrating this week, because we're going to have a lot of benefits, because it's not just a Wednesday when you sign up, it's not on the line. If it's your paper, it's going to be a lot bigger. You can collect it, and it's going to be a bit more profitable. Okay, I know it's good. Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Ms. Yu? Hello, Ms. Yu? Excuse me. I'm speaking in Lin.
text:Because right.	labels:When you brought your little friend to the Harvard kid's class, did you know that your little friend is studying English?
text:No, now read English.	labels:First grade, right? Which school is it? Can you tell me?
text:That's it.	labels:I'd like to ask you, are you still going to teach him English lessons?
text:General if yes.	labels:If he learns, it means that we have a sbs course on our side, and we don't know if he had a basis in English before.I don't think so.You don't have an English base? If you don't have an English base, it'll be better for him at Harvard. In general, our kids in the third grade of the public school usually learn new concepts, but before the new concept comes, we recommend kids to a Harvard children's course or a sbs essay course.
text:That's what I've heard before. Sitting down for a day like that.	labels:What's there to sit down.
text:I've heard that kind of class before.	labels:That's right, we have a big interactive whiteboard course.
text:Hello, I'll think about it. Okay.	labels:Can I ask how you feel about the last time you heard what we're doing here? Have you thought about what you're expecting?I don't think so.This one across from Daplolu Bay High School.
text:Okay.	labels:Are you going to teach him what you're saying now?
text:Not learning.I don't think so.It is not possible or permissible not to know.	labels:Do you want to choose him? He's fresh in the first grade. Can you tell me which one of the first graders? Because we have a lot of kids in one or two centers around here, Heihua-Shun Village. Which school are you from? Can you talk now?I don't think so.Hello.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, sit down. Please later. Hello. Hello.	labels:I said you're a good teacher, right? No.
text:That's a change of position, I'm sorry.	labels:What's his schedule?
text:I don't know about business, but we're another department that's moved here. Okay.	labels:Sorry to see you later.	episode_done:True
text:When I hit him, he said he'd call me on my knees, and then he said, "Look back at people with long hair, the sound of teenagers being blown by the wind, the danger of having him." I love you, so my mother won by a sunset run. Look back at the snow with white heads, how many years of dry uw from the wind, and just blow a cup of tea?I don't think so.Look back at the teacher's long hair.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Ms. Zhang? I'm on the other side of the campus. Hello, you heard our guest service. You have two kids on the other side who want to go to the second half of the new concept. Look where you've signed up. Can I ask which campus? South Station Road.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Eight go home and think far away. There's no courage to say I love you and go. You want to go down there with you and start setting things up in our world.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Please see if the installrs are on time for installation at your appointed time. Please press one on time.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Miss Liu, are you interested on Friday?
text:New concept two, huh?	labels:Yeah, I read it on their blog, and I don't know what the concept of custom classes is, do I have a job or something?
text:The custom class is the parent group class.	labels:Then you can't sign up. Yes, you can't. You can't.
text:You're looking at the 3:30-6 on Saturday, aren't you?	labels:I don't know what time it is. I saw this shift on the blog on Friday, and I thought it was Friday, right?
text:The parents are already 10 people in this class, and they can't go in because he's a small class next year.	labels:That's it.
text:3.30-5.30 p.m.	labels:Does he have any more time on your side of Aoshima?
text:If she's exposed, if she wants Wang Lingfang now, Starling is now her.	labels:Big class I don't care, big class.
text:Wang Lingfang has time.	labels:Lower half or 7070.
text:You.	labels:Do you have a fixed period with them? Classes? Mm-hmm.
text:Wang Lin Feng says this is a barley. Then there's only one class in the second half, there's no class, then there's nothing in Wang Lin Fang's office, that's why there's no car in Wang Lin Fang's belt. The other teachers brought it.	labels:He didn't take it, did he?
text:Yeah, because he's only got one big class.	labels:I know I don't want Ben.
text:I know, but this class, he started with the first class.	labels:That's what you're saying. Big class is the title. Right, right. He didn't do it for the second half of Mr. Liu.
text:Liu Xuan is hardly brought anymore, and he's brought Star Sam and Little Tofu.	labels:He's got thieves on your side, too, isn't he?
text:Right.	labels:Mm-hmm.
text:Why don't you take another look?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hi, it's Wang's mom. I've been working with four systems since I was a friend of the farm. I've been here for a few days, and I've come back after work, and I've been doing what I've been doing before, because I can feel it for myself, like I'm much more bored inside, so I think we've got the light the last time, the new concepts two layers or two miles away, so I thought I'd come over for class, the weekend's good, the good calls, the good guys outside.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Mr. Liu Hee-woo. Here's one thing I'd like to consult, because we've been reading the new concept of Aung San Suu Kyi, and we've been on the other side of Nakayama Park, and because of our time, we're thinking of a new 16, because he's a civilian, and class is a new concept of 10 people.
text:What class did he read over there?	labels:More than 33 classes have now been read.
text:Thirty, right? Yeah. Turn here and read it, yeah.	labels:I'd like to see if you have one here.
text:What time do you want?	labels:I'd better be Saturday.
text:Saturday, right? Hold on a second.	labels:Trouble.
text:You only have 04, I'll take a look at it on Saturday.	labels:Or does it usually happen at night?
text:We don't usually do that at night.	labels:It should be harder for me to think.
text:I'll take a look at the class for you on Saturday.	labels:You guys have a class like this, don't you?
text:How many hours did you go to? About the whole class.	labels:We're in the middle of every class, and we forget how much time we've spent because we're buying, but I'm in the middle of only one class at a time.
text:We're in fourth grade, right?I don't think so.There is one class in the last class, one class is up to three, and this week it should be 40 classes.	labels:40 grams we're a little over, we're like 33 grams.
text:It's like the closest four classes we're in on Saturday, and it's like a dozen grams, 18 grams, 19 grams.	labels:18 grams, 19 grams, I have to wait.
text:About 10 grams, and we're one gram at a time.	labels:It's a lesson, isn't it? Your teacher says, because I'm more picky now, and I feel, because even if I didn't tell you, today I was thinking about changing to Nakayama Park, and I went to listen to his class, because I don't think it's a good idea.
text:Where did you come from? In Nakayama Park. You were supposed to have another time in Nakayama Park. Right.	labels:And then I felt them.
text:Which teacher did it?	labels:It was.
text:Right.	labels:I think it was because I liked it, too, and he couldn't do it because of the time frame. He was supposed to look at it on Friday night, and then he wanted to look at it on Saturday, and I thought I'd come over here because I'm far away and I'm on West Road, so I thought I'd check it out.
text:Well, you either take a look, if you want to switch over, you either come to the first class, and if you can do that now.	labels:Let me ask you something. You're in two classes now, and you're in 10 classes. Is this week over?
text:40 classes this week because 39 classes last week.	labels:When's he going to class 40? He's just...
text:At 12:15 to 2:45.	labels:12:15 to 2:45, right? Saturday, right?I don't think so.And say yes.
text:The other class, which should be 2019 or 20 tomorrow this week, is 3:15-5:45.	labels:I don't know how those two teachers are.
text:Because one teacher is a man, one teacher is a woman, and because of the content of the lecture, you know that we're talking about it, and then we're saying that the teacher's style is different, and that the teacher's style is different, so let's hear it for himself, because the teacher's qualifications are all right, and you know that the teacher's qualifications are all right, but it's true that the kids are all right now.	labels:You know the teacher's adaptability is different, right.I don't think so.I went to listen to it today, because he also felt a little more alive because he went up the hill, that is to say, he would be more integrated and interacted with the children, and then another teacher would be a little more strict today, and then he felt a little uncomfortable.I don't think so.So I'm just saying, if it's possible, you have class tomorrow, right?
text:Yeah, there's class tomorrow.	labels:Tomorrow, for example, I might be short, because you have a 12-1512:15-2-45.
text:There's another 3:15-5:45.	labels:For me, maybe around 2:00, I'll be able to listen to what's actually different, and maybe half a lesson for different teachers.
text:It's okay.	labels:Thank you, because I think it's going to be settled this week, and it's a lot harder for kids in primary school.
text:It's okay, you guys are in the light of February? No, we're at the rampage road.	labels:Dap Pass on the Trail, right.
text:There's a business building on the other side of Lou Bay High School. The business building. Yeah, look at the address.	labels:I'm looking for another teacher tomorrow.
text:It's okay, you come to the front desk, we're all here anyway.	labels:Thank you very much, sir. Thank you very much. Bye.	episode_done:True
text:I think you're looking in the wrong place. I'm sorry to see you later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:I would like to ask tomorrow, which is the first part of the course of the new concept II, below three sections.
text:What's the new concept of time?	labels:Two's for the first class tomorrow.
text:What time period do you remember?	labels:3:30, right? 3:30? I didn't know it was 3:30, right?
text:It's the first class of the new concept two. Yeah, it's the next mini class, right?	labels:Not mini class.
text:What's your kid's name?	labels:Joon-kai.
text:Xie Joon-soo, right?	labels:Thank you, Jun-kai. Thank you, handsome Jun-kai.
text:Wait a minute. Let me show you. You're the second and second class of the new concept, aren't you?	labels:No new concepts, first lesson in volume two.
text:Are you starting with the first class in the second half? The parents who started the first class on Tuesday are at 3:30-6.	labels:3:30-6:00, right? Okay, bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Oh Joon and his parents? I'm here with Mr. Wu from the 800th school district of Angry Foreign Language. Hi, you got your mid-level oral written exam. Right, because Mr. Yin-kyung told me you've passed the exam, and then you want to go to the exam class.
text:Eleven.	labels:There's a test in the month. You're going to give him the November exam, and you're not going to take it.
text:That's a month and a month. Is this okay?	labels:How many written exams did he take?
text:173.773.5.	labels:Well, normally, if we have some students who want to take the November examination, we suggest a score of more than 165, then you can go to the examination.I don't think so.And the other one that I saw in your system is that you have a $3,600 golden class, which is the year before, so now you want to read the gold prize or the accent.
text:How long have you been reinforced?	labels:Strengthening is a month when we have a new class that says you're going to take November, so it's only going to work. So it's going to be 14 weeks in 35 hours because of the test. It's going to be in May next year, and it's going to be clear to the parents.I don't think so.If you want him to take the November exam, for example, you can switch the costs to an intensive class, we have a class that comes in 8:30 to 11.30 a.m. four times on Saturday morning.
text:It's a little bit of a gold prize in effect.	labels:What grade are you in?
text:We're sophomores, right?	labels:If you do not get more than 17065, then we're not suggesting that you go directly to the intensive examination class and certainly want you to go to the first class, but the second year students include one of their abilities, including one of their cycles, including the level of study, and he should be right, because you also have a score of more than 165.I don't think so.In the end, if you choose, you want him to have a speech for Saturday at 8:303030 to 8:30 to 11.30, then four, and then 17 October until the end of November 7, and the examination starts in October at the end of October at the beginning of the 16th and ends in October at the end of October at the end of the 24th.I don't think so.Then, after the end of the week, he will let you change the test, then the date of the examination should start on November 8, and then there will be an examination every Sunday in January.I don't think so.So that's not the right thing to suggest, because the middle-level interpreter would have passed the exam every week, because he doesn't have that many. So you can switch the next test. So, for example, if you're going to take the November exam, that's the case. If you're going to take the May next year, I'm going to be well prepared for the May next year, and it's a waste for you this November, and you have three more opportunities.I don't think so.So we have a class in December, which is already in the process of being selected, and this course will be completed by the end of March and the beginning of April of next year, so that we can finish the examination in May next year.
text:Isn't that a little more solid?	labels:A certain golden test class, so after the end of March, if you need to be reinforced, you have one month to attend an intensive class.
text:That's it.I don't think so.It is the content and the essence of culture.	labels:It's not the same.
text:One is.	labels:In the case of intensive classes, mainly some of the skills of the examinations, and then some of the tests, for example, say that I have some of the nature of the questions, then I will have an eight-topic examination subject for each of the students in the intensive classes, and we will give the students intensive training, including because the intensive class is a 10-person class and a 16-10-person class, so to that extent, the results of each week's intensive oral training should be different from that of the golden prize class.I don't think so.I'll do the same thing with the Golden Class. I'll do the same thing with the mid-level interpreter. I'll do the same with 35 people at the most. So I'll do the speech, and I'll give you the speech when you do the speech translation, but I'm not going to put the content of the intensive class back into the course, and I'm going to do it for how you pass the exam, and that's the point.
text:The cost of the two courses is thus the same.	labels:It's not the same, it's 3600 for the oral test class, so what you're doing with the written test is 3000 for the gold class, but one is 3000 for 12 hours, one is 3600 35 hours for 35 hours, that's not the same.
text:Then I'll think about it. I'll go back to the kids and talk about it. If it's a hard-on, right?I don't think so.It's on Saturdays.	labels:Every Saturday is the last shift, followed by 8:30 to 11.30 a.m. on Saturday.
text:Then this.	labels:Zhang, because I've got two or two ears for this, the English exam should be a senior, not an English test, but 30 points from the English test at 4:00. You're supposed to be the newest, you're supposed to be cut in the first post-reform period, right?I don't think so.I should probably have an oral exam, so I'd say that both the golden test and the intensive oral examination courses will be useful for your new senior exam, and it's possible for the exam.
text:Public food.	labels:The English literature test is separate from the English examination. It should have been taken in the third grade, but it should have been taken in advance, because my son was 30 points in the oral examination, because he was 1 year taller, and we started the parent session, and we started the second time, so we certainly had 10 points and 30 points, so we talked to Kim Kong-baek and his brother, but I certainly did help the examination, and I suggested to Mom that we have four chances behind us, and four chances compared to the passing of the test.I don't think so.What's the matter?I don't think so.If I'm just saying that you're going to go to the golden class, and the whole course is going to help your senior English exam, then I'm going to be ready. Next October, I'm going to take care of my son's going to be talking about Hubei, if it's just a farm, but Hubei, if we get in the mouth market, and if it's a bone, I'm going to do it on top of Kong.I don't think so.That's why I'm saving my time, right?I don't think so.So Facebook, on the other hand, there's not much to lose for you. This can be changed.
text:If you don't like it, put it in Lilothy.	labels:Have something to eat.
text:So one of the last things I've got is that Shanghai needs me to get to the sun.	labels:Come on, everybody.
text:In the catalyzing white itself.	labels:I'm just sure that I'm helping him, because I'm saving him because he's saying you're on the road, and I'm eating fresh meat because I'm adding this to the other class, because it's 2,000 dollars for the test, and it's all three or four for the class, as long as I need to learn white wine.I don't think so.There were known as the 36th. There it should be about 6 years ago, but it be a month, so I took it in on Saturday morning to light up the address.
text:I think.	labels:That's right down on the 9th floor. McDonald's is the only one who can back us up, okay?I don't think so.601 Jang Road, Pudong Food City Wine Building, good for the 9th floor of the Hua City Building in Wujin Building, and it's outsourced to Yao. All right, the 9th floor of the Wall City Building is if you can see it on the open road, can you see a right or right?I don't think so.My friend will be here at 9:08 a.m. on Saturdays, and I'll be here early at 2:00.
text:He's like you.	labels:Just like the same two people, because he told me, and I'm gonna call you soon, okay? Okay, so I'll see you on Saturday morning. Good buddy's in there. Professor Wu Mei has just put together a security package. I can't take a picture of water in a micro-mail. Okay.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hello, Mr. Lee. I'd like to ask you about your financial calls. 9336 of 5138, um, how no one's been answering.
text:No answer?	labels:You're Yang's teacher, I'm Wong Vindy's mother, and I paid a dry refund, and I didn't remember it, so I called on my account, and I made this call yesterday, and nobody answered it, and I wanted to know if the number was changed.
text:Did you just go to the account today because you've been working for about a month since you're not here?	labels:I'm in the process on September 18th.
text:September 18th, I'm not there yet.I don't think so.Because it is not yet there, because it is at the end of his month that he will not arrive until three weeks later, and the end of the month may not arrive until around the 18th of the month between mid-month and the 18th of this year.	labels:I'll wait.
text:Okay, no problem. Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Your call is in the middle of a call. Please wait.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:When you sign up for a written test, it's supposed to be at the examination centre, so it's not very clear to us, but it's usually supposed to be up there.	labels:Hello, the user you have dialed is not available for the moment. Please wait a moment.	episode_done:True
text:Ho ho.	labels:How do you do? How do you do? How do you do? How do you do? How do you do?
text:Right.	labels:Is the kid a senior this year? Yeah. Has he studied any other courses before? The others have studied other English.
text:Read a new concept two.	labels:I guess I've read the new concept two, huh?I don't think so.Are you going to read that Tophos is going to go abroad or to improve his abilities?I don't think so.Are you planning to leave the country? Where is he going?
text:Hong Kong goes to Hong Kong.	labels:He's right now.
text:They're all ready to go to Hong Kong University of Science and Technology.	labels:Hong Kong's big technology. Yeah. He's going to graduate from high school, right?
text:Uh, high school.	labels:You're going to the Hong Kong University of Technology for high school graduation, aren't you?I don't think so.Yes, let me introduce you to the whole Tofuas base course, which we share, as compared to our course here, and then to the Tofu base, when we break through, the Yath course and the Tofu course are separated, because it's the whole base, and we're the whole curriculum, and the whole set-up technology is the same, so we combine the two classes.
text:Basic 10-degree wine.	labels:Basic classes are 44 weeks, 4040 weeks.
text:A year is.	labels:After 10 months, then he was 1 Sunday high, and then if the school base finishes the whole Tofu base or the Yass base in 1st grade, then he finishes the Tostofo in 2nd grade, he will be able to learn the next semester of 2nd grade and try the exam.
text:There'll be lectures in the country, so we'll have to learn a basic class, won't we?I don't think so.It's another year and a half after 21 years. Yes.	labels:Because the foundation is the foundation, because by the time Yax breaks, it is the whole story, and the main thing at the end of the course is that all the players in the examination may be more likely to be tested than the Tofford base, but the Tofford base is probably primarily based on the whole learning point.
text:Well, he said last time you said you'd come over on Sunday and try it first. You'd better do a test. Maybe you'll hear it.	labels:In general, we can not do tests in the first degree, but in the first place it would be better to do tests in the first place, because in the second place, the whole level has actually reached the Yass base, and the level of school attendance is already at school.I don't think so.In relative terms, if he's younger, second or third, we suggest that he do a test.
text:It's the 7th High School.	labels:Right? Do you have time for this week? Yes.
text:I'd like to come over this week and try and make sure.I don't think so.Last Friday.	labels:What time do you say, I'll show you that.
text:Time better have us in the middle.	labels:Saturday afternoon, huh? Let me show you Saturday afternoon.
text:It's not that I'm not wrong. I just want to say again.	labels:Saturday afternoon is a Saturday afternoon from 3.30 to 6:15. And a Saturday from 12:30 to 3 p.m. Is that all right? You come by at about 12 a.m. on Saturday to try out their course. He may be on the spoken part recently. You can come over and listen.
text:All right, come over at 12 o'clock.	labels:12:30 is.
text:Okay, Saturday at 12.30 p.m. and then.	labels:You can come directly the day after tomorrow, and then I'll use my cell phone to send you my contact and our address, and you'll come straight to me.I don't think so.Okay, I'll send you that text from here, and then you'll take it and send it back to me. Okay, I'll see you on Saturday, so I'll see you later.	episode_done:True
text:Breaking up. Breaking up. Shenyang gave birth to her mother. Yes, Ms. Wu. Okay, I sent you about that much. No, not all 11. My office's been through the farm card country with the 130,300 to disrupt the delivery center. Maybe I just started talking about the company's soup on October 24th.I don't think so.Now that I've done the job on June 5th, I can't do the job because the score isn't high, we can make sure you get a kid's heavy degree, you can go through the desk, because it's not there, so I've just cleared my warehouse, some of them signed up, because I'm sure the people have signed up, and I'm sure the farm will be safe. If you want me to be safe, and you want me to be all right, and if you want me to be safe, you'll have to go to six Mondays to Mondays to Sundays, then you'll have two days to tell me the whole story.I don't think so.I think I've just helped my leader to go to a meeting. I've got a half of my share of my security, number 8 because I've been waiting for my teacher's place and I've got interest on my job. I've just got the cardboard from my bank that just came to the bank with the pesticide to download it, because I've got a record on my side, because I don't have all the paperwork, I've just got it far, so I've just sent it to you, so as long as your social inventory has to bring it up, I'll make it up because I have 8 million records on my side, and then I've got a record on my system, and if you don't have a record on the card, you've got to write it off with me.I don't think so.Okay, so I'm just saying, you know, I'm having a good day, and I'm having a good day, and I'm in my client's room, so let me know. OK, let's get a summary of a teacher and I sent a message. Mr. Yang has just told me, like I just took two names, so I said you didn't tell me that handsome guy was a sister, and he said that Shenyang was pregnant, and then he wanted to report one-on-one, and I said that I knew, and I talked to his mother.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Can you see if Feng Sook-un is here?
text:What's your class? What's your class, huh?	labels:New concept English.
text:New concept number, do you have a message from the teacher? You can ask him about it.	labels:I won't call if I can get in touch.
text:You don't have any mail, do you? I do.	labels:But today it's a compensatory lesson, not a class teacher.
text:Okay, what's the second lesson in the new concept of Feng Sook-un?	labels:Som Fifi called.
text:Who's Song Fifi? I don't know.	labels:You guys aren't on the first floor.
text:We're not on the first floor. We're speaking foreign languages, not children.	labels:Can you check our Angel phone for me?
text:I don't know, I'm sorry, do you want to check online? Or you can check with the teacher who signed up, because we're different places, and we're on Balman's side.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Li Mei, how are you? I'll answer to the school teacher in Angry Language. Hello, you'll sign up for a sbs for the kids? And tell you what time it is tomorrow, Saturday, 3:30-6. It wasn't 2:30.I don't think so.No, it's always 3:30. We're not gonna end it at 3 o'clock in the first class. Okay, then we'll have a microscopic group in our class. I don't want to give you a microscopic message. That's my number, right?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:And then yes, because your child's words are good. Hello.	labels:Isn't that Mr. Lui? I'm the teacher of Ali's foreign language. You've had a basic interpreter for your children before, haven't you?
text:It's a long time ago.	labels:Well, don't go now. Do you need anything else in English? No.
text:Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Please don't hang up. Your call is on the phone.	labels:The number you have profile is busy, please stay on the line.
text:Hello, hang up, please. Your call is on the phone.	labels:Please stay on the line.
text:Hello, please don't hang up. Your call is on the phone.	labels:Well, the number you have dial is Busy.	episode_done:True
text:13917109170911.	labels:You can't think of a socializing thing. You see, I've ordered two. He's Tate's, one's what you're supposed to be, and one's what.
text:So if you're back in the evening, if you're free, send a screenshot of the program to the microblogging group and your little friend's grades will be on the high score. No, no, no.I don't think so.Still.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:The particulates are worried. The phone calls in in two lines.
text:No, there's supposed to be a phone in there. It's supposed to be just one.	labels:Why didn't anyone pick me up? Aren't you at the front desk? I'm here.
text:Pick up the phone. Pick up the phone.	labels:Phone.
text:I'm making a call back.	labels:It's the 54500118, right?
text:I didn't know that number very well, that's the 28th number next to me, and I didn't have time to see you again.	labels:Okay, I'll ask you another student. What's the name of a student on Dapp's side?I don't think so.What did Zhang Zhihong do to them? What did you say to them? What did you give them to Harvard?
text:He said his kids were in second grade. How did he get a Harvard gift?	labels:Send Harvard some minor repairs, send an international voice sign, send a technical interpreter.
text:There's no way to send so much.	labels:How come his grandfather's here.
text:No, he didn't give them to him.	labels:When are you going to talk to your parents?I don't think so.I thought you had 550,000 cards for 10,000, and then you sent a lot of lessons, and everyone came looking for them.
text:What's on his side, because what was said was reported to him.	labels:He said you took him to a small room alone, gave him some interpreters, gave him some international notes, didn't you?
text:I didn't give him a lot of Harvard interpreters to send us $50,000 for nothing. Ok, I know what's going on. What's going on?I don't think so.In this case, it was supposed to be on the morning of Saturday, because I was not the only one in the intelligence class who attended him together with Zhou, and you could ask him about another male teacher, and then it seemed like he received $20,000 in the morning, and then he said that he might pay another $30,000 in October of the following September, and then, like this, raise another 50,000.I don't think so.Then, in that case, he reported on a new concept of sister, 1 + 1 basic interpreter, and a new concept in the grammar of his brother ' s primary school, one such course.I don't think so.Right.	labels:Then he said that what you said at that time, the person you interviewed in the small room did not speak at the front desk.
text:Talk about something.	labels:Then something came up in the little room to communicate.
text:There's no small room for communication, so you can give Grandpa the phone, and I'll talk to him, because I remember when I only promised him, that's what I said.	labels:He's gone now.
text:He's not there, is he? Because I'm not sure, because I didn't tell him what a small room was, what I promised him and what Harvard was sending. You just said something, I didn't give him an interpreter, I didn't give him an interpreter, I didn't give an interpreter, I didn't give a technical interpreter.	labels:Three courses on grammar in primary schools, international voice signage.
text:Absolutely not, that's absolutely impossible, because every class he reports should be written on a cardboard. Yes, yes. Why would he give it to him?	labels:Why would Grandpa say that?
text:I do not know that basic spoken language can never be given, and that international signage and primary school grammar can never be given, because international signage is in summer and should be read by my sister's brother or by my sister.	labels:That was a mistake in his own understanding.
text:It's not that I never promised him so many courses, it's absolutely impossible.	labels:Okay, I know. I'll talk to, uh, parents when we get there, and then I'll see how you communicate.
text:Yes, or you gave my phone to my parents, and I asked him what the hell was going on, because I thought so, and I never said anything to him.	labels:His grandfather's name, right?
text:When his grandfather and his mother and father paid for the last payment, he came by himself and then talked at the front desk about how to go to class.	labels:Okay, Ok, let's do this first. Okay, good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, I'm here to answer to the school teacher in English. Hello, you're enrolling my little friend in a course on our new concept one. And tell you what, we're starting at 6 p.m. Saturday.I don't think so.All right, one in all, now you're three. Yeah, and then there's a right Saturday, and then you want to ask if Peng Sini is with you, right?I don't think so.I'm supposed to have a name in my class and I can't remember it, Mom, because I'm empty as soon as I set it up, and I'm probably ready to do it before I make it easier for us, so I'm going to work in my community, and I'm going to take it in.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm.I don't think so.Hello.	labels:Is this Jo Yoon's parents?
text:Hello.	labels:I'm a teacher because I'm not the one. I have to warn you, I'm holding up more than 1,400 major projects in the middle, and I'm going to have to take the test at the factory center. The audit went through, didn't I? I got two points in one. Right?I don't think so.Okay, 'cause I'm sending a class teacher to someone in front of his statistics project.
text:Yoon Yeung, one of them is Young-young. I'll pay attention to Iysania.	labels:Who else is Yang Ying?I don't think so.Li Ji-hoon, but I was in pain and there was no pain, but I didn't get in because I couldn't count, but I didn't get in.I don't think so.In total, about 70 per cent of cases were closed at a peak of 200,0,200, mainly through aluminium boxes.
text:Why did you do that to me?	labels:I was the one who took U Bang-tung QQ twice because it might be natural, and the exam itself had oral tests, actually.I don't think so.Yeah, it's just a bite. People say you've been training for an expression. It's done.
text:Because it was the banknotes that were in the first place. I think I'm dead or gone. I'll wait for him to be free. I'll come to you.	labels:Right? It's just better. It's better.
text:Well, if I had to recharge for my first graduation, it'd be peace.	labels:But no, because the first time I compared middle school, I also felt like he'd almost all come along with other people, like a Chinese exam, because I'd just come to junior high school, and I'd just start rushing into junior high school. Okay? Okay?
text:It's okay.	labels:Good thing we keep waiting outside.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, your caller is on the phone.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:No, you wrote it back. Well, feed this peach and go out.	labels:Hello, parents of applied students? I'd like to ask him how much he gets for his written exam? 171. Right.
text:Of course I don't remember. It's like 7036 at home.	labels:Okay, I'll take care of the rest myself.I don't think so.And then there's a question I'd like to ask if there's, uh, an excellent student on our side, and the students on our side are going to go to the top, and I don't know if you're going to go to the top or you're going to go to the top.
text:High score?I don't think so.171 us.	labels:Students who pass will be on the scoreboard, except for a high score, and then a pass.
text:That's what 171 is? The Chinese version's about the same.	labels:Now I'm calling more than 10, now two of 180, then two of 170, and the main word is 150 points.
text:Right.	labels:And I'd like to ask him if he's a junior student. Right? And what am I going to do with his exam class?
text:It is not known if you have two periods on Saturday, but only one.	labels:Here's the thing, you put in a golden class for next year's examination, a Saturday afternoon period, and then we have four more classes, and then for this year's examination.
text:I don't know about 28,000, 28,000 Saturday morning only.	labels:Right? No, there's another Sunday afternoon, but last class. Yeah.
text:I'll talk to you tonight.	labels:Okay, you take a look, and then you can call this side. Bye.	episode_done:True
text:First of all, you said I went back last year. The phone didn't come back very well. How are you?	labels:It's Pan Lo-Han's mother. I'm here with Mr. Alle-Li-Li.
text:Where are you from? Anly's.	labels:Isn't your kid on my side? Is this the end of the new concept II class? There are five or six more classes. Your kid's been good as a whole because I see him in our class, so I don't know what you're doing with him later on.
text:I remember that I wanted to report imports, and then I felt that they were not very solid.	labels:Him.
text:It's really fourth grade.	labels:It's fourth grade, isn't it? It's too good.
text:It's all in the middle and lower of the class.	labels:How about this? I'll give you a more accommodative approach. Didn't you go to Shinji's class this week? When you pick him up late at 11.30, I'll give him an entrance test. Yeah, and then I'll call you back, and I'll call you back.I don't think so.Yes, but did you get this certificate for Junior, or was it just to improve your ability to speak?
text:Yes, because I look at the grades that Mr. Lee gave us for our usual little tests, he's 70 to 70, because there's a lot of people who say seven.	labels:But in this class, your family is small.I don't think so.Yeah, there's only two kids in this class, and if Dong Ji-soon and your kid Dong Ji-sun are the same, you see how weak he should be.
text:What grade is he in?	labels:He's also a fourth grader. He read a few words before, then he couldn't keep up, and then he turned to the stars.
text:That's right, because we didn't know he did it for a few minutes at 70 points.	labels:And most of his words should be at forty-five points, with the highest being more than 60 points.
text:That's right.	labels:That's why your kids, at this level, because what you're looking at, they're already tested, they're older, and there's a difference, so if you're still in this situation, I'm going to compare you to a mid-level building, you bring him over for a test, and I'm going to show you his situation later.
text:Okay?I don't think so.I'd like to ask myself, if I'm on my side because he's probably 11, and he's probably at the end of the middle of the year, I feel like I'm trying to get him to study with you. If I say two, maybe next year, because by the end of the year he's got a lot of letters and maybe a little bit of time, so I think maybe by 2015 you haven't come out.	labels:What we're on for is coming out, but next spring's not coming out.
text:The team might be too strong because it's going to be right every day.	labels:Because I think it's better to start by looking at your child's situation, if he doesn't have any problems, and if you're on a cold break, it's probably better for a younger child, but because there's still some difficulty with the mouth and the star, because after all, it's a very professional term, so I'm going to judge a situation in your institution on the basis of that level.
text:Well, if it's for the paper, if it's for the summer break, when is it supposed to start?	labels:Spring should probably be on it by March/April.
text:In April, he took the test twice a year in a few months.	labels:The first was in April and the second in September.
text:September.	labels:One is before and after the elucidation, and the other is before and after the teachers' festival.
text:Clear.	labels:Well, you can change it if it's a cold break, or if it's about December. Yeah.
text:Let's take a look at the test first. Okay.	labels:I'll arrange it for you, he'll be 11.30 after class, and then he'll come to me. Okay? Good, good, good, good, good, good, good.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Shen and her parents? Yes, I've got an alternative office, Mr. Wu. Well, my teacher didn't save a Tofu base man. The first woman cried to me because he was a man. Last week it wasn't hard, because I only hit you Tuesday when my brother was 14, so he asked you to come on since he took over.I don't think so.Slowly.	labels:Okay.
text:I'll be in the library until October 11th.	labels:March-October.
text:I just said that last Saturday in October, the whole of the week shift was a glimmer, printing for one week instead of the oil depot's ear? 90 degrees from more than 20.4 and, as it was just said, July was about the top of his wind, so they all quit for two weeks, so I told the locals to start on October 31.	labels:Probably just like it's new.
text:It's a new peak, and it's the holiday of 1 October, and it's a state-ordered article.	labels:It's not agricultural, it's just that if you fuck a teacher, you'll be able to make up for it. Isn't that right?
text:I'm sure it's me.	labels:There's no such thing as this. I don't understand. I'm going to add concentration anyway.
text:I'm going to fix it. I'm going to segregate it.	labels:It doesn't matter to me.I don't think so.I'll talk to you myself.
text:He's coming to work. I'll talk to him.	labels:Did you just get on the circuit with me? If you should come with me, I'll tell you about the pesticides.
text:I'll probably let you know where I'm going, and I can't do anything.	labels:There's nothing wrong with that, right? It's just that you don't have a match.
text:This one with Urubgoubugo.	labels:The customers are all sold. I'm talking. The teacher's on top.
text:I'll be his husband on March 31, without telling me about my brother.	labels:You know what?
text:My gift announcement for the rest of my life. Okay, it's out there.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:The number you have dialed cannot be reached for the time being, please later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hi, you've got a mom. Hi, I'm Mr. Enrique. Mr. Lee Shinoko, give me your feedback.	labels:All right, buddy.
text:I can't tell you, Mr. Zhang is just a little rural kid. Okay, the East Light Bureau just got windy, and the Chinese Reylin book. Okay, then we'll just add the microblogging. Okay, I'll see you at noon. I thought I'd be afraid to follow you to death.	labels:Okay.
text:It can be changed and fed again.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:777.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Your call is on the phone, please.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:All right. All of us. Hello.	labels:Hi, I'm a foreign language teacher. I'd like to ask you about a third-class prize that you received at a public comment, right?
text:Then you're in Pudong's campus or what little neighborhood?I don't think so.So it's a little far from second class? There's no one over there.	labels:We'll do it at 800.
text:Just 800? Okay, we'll come in.	labels:You know it's a lecture, right?
text:Is this a lecture or something? Is the kid taking a class?I don't think so.Lectures are lectures for adults.	labels:What's your kid's grade age?
text:First grade, huh?	labels:That's Saturday afternoon's lecture. Yes.
text:Saturday afternoon is Saturday afternoon, right? We'll be at 10:00 if we can.	labels:Okay.
text:At 1:30 p.m., right? That's the North-South road, isn't it?	labels:We're at Pudong Foods, North South Road, and we moved over to the campus on September 25th.
text:In the winehouse in Food City? I know where I know I've eaten and I know about it.	labels:Yeah, he's got a first food city, he's got a regular food city, we're in a regular food city.
text:Okay.	labels:Can I send you a text? Look at the address. You can look at it when you forget it, and what's your last name?
text:Long bow, Chang.	labels:Right, Mr. Cheung? Okay, you can bring the kids by then. Okay?
text:That's right. Thank you very much.	labels:Let's do this first. Bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, I was just calling to make up the campus, and I wanted to ask you a favor.	labels:Yes.
text:18 19 grams.	labels:Eighty-nine pairs.
text:It's 9-11.30 a.m. Saturday morning. Yeah, 'cause I'm counting 18 grams, so we're gonna have to go to class on October 3, and then we're gonna go to October 6, right?	labels:We don't know yet, Micro-Technology.
text:We haven't heard from you yet. You'll write this down. Will you tell my parents later? Or will I talk to my parents?	labels:So why don't you give me a little bit of credit? Then when will it be? It's up to 18 19 classes, and I'll tell you about it, and then you'll let the parents know.
text:That's good. That's good. Then the message is a cell phone number.	labels:Yes, it's my love. Report it to me. 15215223219505040, right?
text:What's your name?	labels:My name is Wang.
text:Right, Sanjoo? I'll give you a lift later, so thank you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Okay, the November test is the right one. You've only got one week to sign up, so can you pay attention to this point? Hello, the user you've dialed is not answering.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:The finals and the new three. Hello.	labels:Mr. Xu? I'm a foreign language teacher. You've consulted your children in English before, right?
text:We're learning now, okay?	labels:You're not studying anymore, are you?
text:So we've gone somewhere else, okay.	labels:I'm sorry to see you later.	episode_done:True
text:Okay, well, I've been on the phone for a few days, and I've been on the phone for a few days, and I've arranged an audition for our little friend, sbs. He said September 5th, and I didn't get a text message. I wanted to check you out. I'll put the teacher on the phone for a second. Okay, well, who was the teacher? I don't know. You left your little friend's name. What was the name and cell phone number?I don't think so.Did he ask you to listen on September 5th? September 5th SDS said there was a Bs? Okay, I'm texting you right now? And I'll send you everything. I'll ask you when it was September 5th. It's morning. Let me see. September 5th is 3.30-6:00 p.m., 3.30 p.m., I'll ask if there's a Harvard kid at this time, because we have a middle class, and I think it's your kid too. Right.I don't think so.I'll take a look at the middle class, Harvard kid. I'll take a look at one of Harvard's newest classes on Friday, then on the first six, and on Sunday morning, not now. Okay, I'll be here on Saturday first, then I'll send you my address on Saturday. Okay, so I'll see you later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:It's a foreign cell phone.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:The number you have dialed cannot be reached at this time. Please call later.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, I'd like to ask if you have a sbs class here.	labels:Yes. What grade are you in?
text:Third grade.	labels:Has your kid ever been to a class before?
text:I've been reading sbs and then I've been thinking about a new school, so I'd like to consult.	labels:Which school are you in third grade?
text:64 hours.	labels:What do you call it?
text:The East Side of New York City?	labels:In fact, I would advise you not to read it from the sbs, but I would suggest that you do a test here to see if you can follow from the first lesson of the new concept one.
text:Right?I don't think so.Because we're going up to the level of one of the SBs on the outside right now.	labels:Because 17 units, if you've been up to a week, it's probably about 6 or 7 units, right?
text:Classes 7 to 8 seem to be right.	labels:Because I'm telling you that most of the students in the third grade are in general new doctors, and then they're in the next semester of the fourth grade, usually from the beginning of the fourth grade to the end of the seventh grade. Yes, because the stress of the first step in your school is too much.I don't think so.That's right, so it's early for the kids in your school, because this year's average level is 3rd and 3rd grade for the Foreign Language Department, but here I can test it for you, look at your situation, and then what course is more appropriate because you're going to this course just to test it and add to an extra-curricular part of your school, right?I don't think so.It was therefore crucial to find a course suitable for him, because, in the words of the sbs, although it might have something to try, it was not much. It was also dominated by words and words, but the new concept was a word, then a group dialogue, and he heard that it was all being trained and that the grammar would speak a little more.
text:I know I started reading sbs for him to try to make the transition by saying that the new concept you're talking about is an adult version.	labels:Yeah, it's an adult version.I don't think so.Because what Sbs calls it is a new concept for Qing, and of course that's what we're talking about.
text:But you think he's at the level of sbs now.	labels:It's, uh, where I'm telling you that education in our industry is usually like this, and sbs is a whole book, so maybe you've got two children that are good, so you can start with the next half of the new generation, if you're not good or normal, and you're going to start with the first one.I don't think so.But if you're saying that the new you're only trying to make a transition, and Sbs' semi-reading, you can do it again.
text:Right?I don't think so.Well, I'll just take him for a test if I'm free, and then I'll tell him about the winter break or the next semester, because he's going to go to the sbs class until the end of the semester.	labels:Ms. Chen, first of all, your child's words must have wanted to be read somewhere else.
text:Because I don't think it's very good, you know?	labels:If you want to change to Angry, there must be a student or a parent who would recommend it. Yes, because the six teachers read a lot of things with small words.I don't think so.And the third thing is that we also have classes in December or in March/April of next year, but I think if you're sure you want to read them here, you can come over here this week for a test, because the 18th is our 800th class, which means that this year's only concessionary scope, and all subsequent concessions, is not so big.
text:Right?I don't think so.Right.	labels:Since the Olympics had been marketed, all prices had been adjusted since 1 October and the margin of preference had been halved.
text:Okay, so there's no Odes class on your side.	labels:We don't have any English-only numbers on our side, because it's another business department, so it's more professional, and if you do, it's probably better for you to learn and think about it, I know.
text:But learning too hard.I don't think so.For the same.	labels:I'll tell you the same thing about the Star One and Star Two class, which is over at the end of December.
text:Yeah, I know, so I can bring him over for a test on weekends, right?	labels:If you'll excuse me, I'll make an appointment for you because we're using iPad for testing.
text:Should be.	labels:What time is Saturday better?
text:Saturday may be around 11:00 a.m.	labels:Well, 11 o'clock, and then tell me your contact details, okay?
text:13913916616663595585958.	labels:My last name is Lee, and I'm sending you my contact details and address, because we've moved our address, and now we're in the Food Town Wine Building in Pudong, where we used to run.
text:Got it, right.	labels:Then I'll send you the address again. Okay, then we'll talk when you're ready to come in tomorrow. Okay, bye.	episode_done:True
text:Okay, say it.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:All right. The number you dialed is off.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. The phone you are calling is dialed off in.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I don't know where it is.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:Mm-hmm.I don't think so.Jin Woo-yang's dad, right?	labels:Who are you?
text:Aren't you Yan Woo-yang's parent? Is this phone number 18918804050?	labels:Right.
text:He's a parent, 18894050.I don't think so.18918804050. You wait a minute. Hello, is he the parent of Jin Woo-yang? No.	labels:You got the wrong number.
text:Your cell number is 18918804050?	labels:Wrong number.
text:Okay, that won't bother you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:All right, all right, all right, all right.	labels:bye	episode_done:True