text:New Year's Mom? Hello, I'm New Year's Physics teacher Jang. Hello, can I talk now?	labels:You said you could.
text:Because it's like he didn't have a physics test in the last semester. He told me he didn't know much about it. He seemed like he said he was a little pissed off, he got angry, and then he didn't get a physics test, because physics was the last one, and then I thought I might have to call Mr. Ran for this week, let him take a physics test, because next week he's gonna have to do it, and he won't know himself, and he's got a degree.I don't think so.Anyway, in physics, he thinks he's a little more interested in physics. And when he's in his class lately, I think he's serious, he's finished his homework. What time does he come home every night?	labels:I don't think so. Today it's 6 o'clock. Yesterday it was earlier.
text:I asked him, and he said, "It doesn't matter," and Physics was helping him now, because when I was in the new class, I was in the new class for a while, and then I gave him that confidence, then I went to school for a refresher, and then I consolidated it, and then people might not only give him confidence, but they might come up with more time to make up for it, because it was more important in the third year, and I might not tell the school teacher very much, and so I should have found more money and prizes, and now my father and I are young, and now he says he doesn't listen, and now he's serious, and then I think he's accepted it or understood it, and then he's wrong to say it, and if he did it again, he wouldn't do it, much better than he did last time.I don't think so.Anyway, I think the whole thing feels like I haven't seen him for a long time after the last week. That's the feeling, because I'm probably a little bit more at the corner, and then I'm better off doing it in time.	labels:I couldn't wipe it at home. I didn't see Mr. Zhang checking the data.
text:He's around? He's probably finished at school. He's probably not very tired during the summer, because the point is that he may be doing summer work, because the reason for the transfer may not be that heavy, and then he may be able to finish our work on our side. Although he has more doors and more subjects, we're all going to be doing his job, and he's going to be able to do it anyway, so he's going to be able to do it today.I don't think so.And then Mom's about to be around lately in the West Rock, right?	labels:Him.
text:Now go, and then do you have anything at home recently? Say there's no one at home.	labels:He lives at home as usual.
text:It's about the same attitude, isn't it?	labels:I didn't say I didn't go to school.
text:This is also a good change, and one of our kids' advances is a change of attitude: I think the other subjects may be a little bit more hot, but the physics is a little less hot, and then he can learn less, and he can't be so annoying, or he can't be so restless. So I think it's nice, so the new subject is, in general, that the child is capable, and, in fact, one of his patience, in other subjects is patient, that is, to be able to keep going, and then, of course, if he's hot, he's gonna be a math teacher or an English teacher or something, and he's gonna be a little bit tired and he's gonna be a little bit tired.	labels:The school already needs to complete the exam and then study him and he won't do it.
text:Maybe you can't do it at home. He's out, right? Does Mom have any advice on the line?	labels:I want him to listen to me now.I don't think so.Now I ask myself.
text:I can't ask that question.	labels:Him.
text:You don't think he likes to talk to you? So we don't want him to ask him at first what to learn or anything. Maybe he thinks you're asking too many questions about learning, you can eat from their company not out there every day or something, or whatever, because I find out that I don't really like what's out there either, and then I say today that you can bring food, and he says that it's too much trouble.I don't think so.Then I taught him that day, and he looked forward to what his mother was doing, and now he said that his mother was going to do it, and he said he was going to finish it later. He said that you guys were eating, he said that the baby was still pretty, he said that he liked what Mom was cooking, he said that Grandma and Grandpa made too much food, that it was a little too much to make a comparison or that life was more annoying, that I wanted to hit him from the start, and I thought that the child was actually very simple and very good.I don't think so.Now it's probably the same age as treason.	labels:A little bit of a loss is a little bit of a loss.
text:And then when we talked to him on an equal footing, he felt good.	labels:Mr. Xu may be a little like friends.
text:He and I used to tell me that it was okay to go to class, that there was nothing to do, that there was no teacher, that there was no teacher, that there was something like that, like a math teacher called Li laughing or something, that he was a friend, because after all, he studied in the middle of the city, and then he didn't study here, and maybe there were fewer of them.	labels:So, friends he doesn't have.
text:Anyway, I'm kind of into his mentality or something for the whole year, which means that he's a humanist and I'm kind of into it, which means that learning is probably about moving slowly and giving him a little bit of confidence.	labels:He usually doesn't do it when he's having trouble.
text:That's why it's a few steps from the beginning. Simple, he'll take it slowly.I don't think so.So, it's just as hard for him to do it at once, and he'll find it too hard for us to do it on our own, so we don't want to do it when we see something that's too hard. If it's a little simpler, I'll encourage it. Progress is more expensive in every respect, for example, by saying that he's not so tired of learning that he's more happy than he's ever been.	labels:You can say that.
text:What else did Mom suggest?	labels:I can't think of it now either.
text:If there's anything to feel.	labels:Your teachers will teach you well.
text:It's not education, it's teaching him the whole human being, it's probably a little bit of rebellion against his parents, and it's all good in other ways. It's a process for learning to get him ready, and now, of course, it's not going to change a little, and then the blood's going up, and it's going to be a process.I don't think so.It's a process to see if Master Star wants to tell me what to say.	labels:Mr. Lee, Chairman of the Gold Rock Board, said he would like to welcome you. Thank you, sir.
text:What are you doing this year?	labels:I told you no.
text:Tell me the secret, huh?	labels:Okay, what's going on? My house is so dry, I'm gonna do it again with water, I'm gonna do it with water, and I'm gonna get it back to the way it was.
text:How did I do it?	labels:It's pretty clear about something like that.
text:No wonder I don't, because I've never seen anything like this before. How can you do it? It's like rubber mud.	labels:Or keep rubbing it.
text:Is that all right?I don't think so.Yeah. I think it might be good to see each other, but it still works, right?	labels:It's the same if it doesn't work.
text:The exact same is so tough.I don't think so.Because I remember when we were playing rubber mud, I was dry, I couldn't play anything else, I couldn't squeeze any rubber or anything.	labels:It's like there's a white spot above the flat house, but that's just the way it looks.
text:That means he's a little more advanced, because we used to play with older kids, and now it's a new generation. It's not the same as you guys, it's physics tomorrow, right?	labels:What time is it tomorrow?
text:Actually, I'll take a look at tomorrow's class. I remember it at 10:00, but do you have any other lessons?	labels:It's like three.
text:It's over 3rd class, isn't it?	labels:Or maybe because it wasn't careful.
text:You're not careful? You're at 10:00 tomorrow, and I'll check your class. I'll check your class. You taught me 3 o'clock, and I'm gonna tell you if you want to go to the house at 3 p.m., and because I don't care, I can actually see if you're yawning or not.	labels:No, I'm putting water in the pool.
text:It's true that math is Li Xing's, and the non-Li laughs again tomorrow.	labels:And then the whole person wasn't too good.
text:Don't say that. Li will cry. He said he was.	labels:I was asking four teachers, who do you like most? Four teachers hate?
text:And what did you tell him?I don't think so.There's no saying that you like me.	labels:And then he finally said he could have fun.
text:You can't have fun. Well, you're hurt by him, so he says he can't play as soon as he can, so you say you're a boy and you're more stressful, so I say you're saying I'm not a hypocrite, so I want a unified caliber, you know I don't do it.	labels:So I'm not looking for a man. I'm looking for a girl.
text:Please.	labels:Okay.
text:I'll see you tomorrow at the end of the day. I'll see you tomorrow. I'll see you tomorrow at the end of your homework. I'll remind you today that if I don't finish, I'll kill someone.	labels:I'm a cat now, okay.
text:Turns out you're an Easter boss. Okay, that's it. Take your time. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mom? Hello, can you hear me? Hello.	labels:Yes.
text:Your mother? I'm here with Mr. Chang, who's very well-educated in chemistry.	labels:Hello, Miss Cheung.
text:It's like this, and they've already passed their exams at Jung Wei's house.	labels:Not yet, he said it was 19.
text:It's not until the 19th, is it? They don't have to.	labels:How's military training?
text:I was wondering if I could find out if the kid had any grades, see how the burden was, how it felt to get the kid to take the exam.	labels:He said that.
text:It's okay, isn't it?	labels:Languages and English are a bit difficult for him to say, and it's okay over there.
text:Some of them can't handle it, they'll probably have a wider face test in English. They'll be fine. I think they'll trust him.	labels:Believe it's right.
text:He never falls off the chain at critical times.	labels:I trust him too much. You should hurry.
text:It's not about the exam, it's about trusting him, it's usually better, it's good. Yeah, I think it's smart.	labels:He's the one you're telling the truth about.
text:That's the way it is.I don't think so.Okay, I don't have anything else to do.	labels:Ever come out and I'll call you.
text:All right, what's he doing here? He's at home every day.	labels:He did not have summer homework these days.
text:Right for him.	labels:Let him do a little bit, then we'll take him out again for a little bit, then the middle of the time won't go out, and then let him finish it in advance.
text:Right.	labels:I'll be back when I get out, and I don't have much time.
text:It's time for him to relax. He'll be back in a tight fight.I don't think so.Two years for yeah.I don't think so.Into the wind anyway.	labels:So I asked him to do a little more summer homework in the next few days.
text:Yeah, well, I told him anyway, and I was under a lot of pressure, especially in the lab class, and I've got a lot of students on my side, and it's hard and competitive.	labels:I don't know if he can believe it, but I think it's okay.
text:There's no problem with it. I'm under a lot of pressure from the lab. I'm doing it with him. He's going to have to work, and he's not happy with him.	labels:Be good. I'll call you right here.
text:Okay, I'll see you around.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Hello. I'd like to ask you about Fong Long's mother, right?	labels:Wait a minute.
text:I'm an elite teacher. I taught my kids last time. Can't you hear me?	labels:Who's this? I'm smart.
text:Educate the dragon's chemistry teacher.	labels:Mr. Wah, how are you? How are you?
text:Are you busy now?	labels:We're in the middle of hygiene now.
text:Well, if it's not convenient, I'll call you later.	labels:The convenient Fanglong is not attending school today, the day before yesterday.
text:Right on yesterday's uh.	labels:The day before yesterday.
text:Am I wrong? Maybe I'm wrong.	labels:The day before yesterday.
text:I don't know if he's going back to chemistry, or if he's not happy with us.	labels:He also said he said that he seemed really good and fast and that he said that you were good and that he could understand it twice together.I don't think so.You taught him well. He understood it twice.
text:Isn't that right?I don't think so.Just look at the children, and then think that maybe the children have a problem with the teachers, then they don't dare to say it directly, and then they complain to their mother.	labels:Without him, he was happy to come back, and he said that his mother paid me for it today, and I understood it twice as soon as I said it, and I understood it, and I said that if he didn't understand, he would be in trouble.I don't think so.Anyway, you're the one who's supposed to tell me you're okay. This kid's the one who gives you the baby. You can say whatever you want.
text:Yeah, well, that's a bit good, but I'm still good with kids, right?I don't think so.When studying was good, he told me how he used to talk about studying at school, and he said that I understood what the teacher said when he said it, and then when he did it, he couldn't relate to what the teacher said, so he couldn't do it.	labels:He's a class man, too many students, too many teachers, and he doesn't have time to talk to them, and he doesn't have time to talk to them, so he doesn't understand it.
text:I'm really happy about the baby. It's really nice.I don't think so.What I'm trying to say is, if you look at him sometimes or when he's home, then you have to say something, and then we have to do it in time, and if there's anything going on with the kid, well, we'll do it as soon as we can.	labels:No comment was good. My son was very happy when he came back. He was very happy.
text:That's fine. Or else you'll clean up first.	labels:Thank you very much for your concern.
text:It's all right, if there's any children in the future, then we'll communicate in time.	labels:Well, thank you, Miss Lee. Good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, can I talk now? It's convenient. You don't have class now? Yes, I have a student on leave. I was here a few days ago. Good bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, hello. Hello, hi, hi. I'm Hae-gang's Physics teacher, Mr. Zhang. I've given him two classes, and I have a general understanding of customs. I found that he actually asked him about mathematics, and he said he liked math and mathematics, and he used to ask him about his hobby, and he liked logic, and I said that I saw it in my theory novels, and I said that I saw it all the time, and he said that I saw it, so I thought he was doing a little bit of the logic, so I thought he was doing it, and so I did it twice, but I did it, and it was quick, and he was able to do it, and he was able to reflect it, except for something that was relatively difficult, and there was a little problem with the mathematical appliance, and then he had to make an analysis of the formula, and then he had to come up with it, and then he had to propose a little bit of it, whether it's the first physics in the eighth grade, and a little blue in physics, and it's not the math.I don't think so.And so we're going to build on this problem, because it's a little bit redundant, and then we're going to teach him an idea of how to solve it, because I think it's more important to think about physics, not just to look at what he's doing right now, but to think that there's only a few questions that he won't do, and then what he's going to do, and I think he's still got a lot of potential, because I look at one of his other foundations, and it's a little bit more likely to be scientific, and then I think it's more important to understand it, even though it's mathematical, that it's very important to understand it, that it's also very important to understand the proposal.I don't think so.So what I'm saying is that physical thinking is all about understanding, which I think might be one of his weaknesses, and I think it might be that he's got the understanding, what he understands, what I'm saying, what I'm saying, what he understands, what I'm saying, and what he's saying in writing, and if the subject is too long and what it is, he probably doesn't know what it means, and it's so many applications that it's wrong, why it's wrong?	labels:It's just not neat and ununderstandable.
text:Yes, because it's a bit easier to apply, because it's a bit simpler in mathematics, but the physical reaction to a text is to reflect a model, that is, if you want people to move around again and to be clear, you have to understand it very well, and then it's a preliminary stage in the development of physical thinking, which means that it has to develop him slowly, because I think that the sea is very deep and very promising, and if he changes so well, it should be easier to learn, and it's a little happier to learn, because.	labels:Because he wanted to be a little more complicated when he said his studies were simple, he felt it was difficult, and he might just not do it.
text:Let's hope he does it normally.	labels:I said, "Why don't you do it?" There is.
text:The problem is that Hae-gang's kid has real potential, so he can't give up. If you give up the problem, when you get to the exam, you don't do it, you don't understand it, you don't practice it, you definitely won't do it.I don't think so.The length of the examination is also limited. Is this the right part of the equation that is a big part of that distance, so I have to try to understand the difficulty of trying to do it, and then to think slowly of a mind that has to have its own solution?I don't think so.You'll be impressed if you don't do it at first, if you don't understand it entirely, and if you don't say it, you probably won't say it, and you don't feel it many times.I don't think so.Yeah, so this is also a point.	labels:Sometimes he doesn't study on his own initiative.
text:And I found out, and I usually asked him what kind of activity you usually like, and he said, "Look at it, play the hero league or something," and then I said you could be very active, and then this would show that he probably had a lot of time to play during his own break.	labels:So, did he do it? Anyway, he's not the kind of kid he could play with, they finish it, they finish it, he doesn't care.
text:It's not up till the end, it's unstable, and it's probably because it's important that we get into physics at the beginning of the eighth grade, because it's very important that we get in touch with physics, that we learn physics, that we learn physics, that we're going through physics, that we're going through physics, that we're going through physics, that's high school, that's what we're going through, that's what we're doing, that's what we're doing, that's what we're doing, that's what we're doing, that's what we're doing, that's what we're doing, that's what we're doing, that's what we're doing, that's what we're doing, that's what we're doing, that's what we're doing, that's what we're doing, that's what we're doing, that's what we's going to do.I don't think so.The next semester of the eighth grade of mechanics is basically an extension of mechanics, followed by the ninth grade with only two voltage and electrics, which is the focus, and the stress of which is also a function of mechanics, most of which is an extension of mechanics.I don't think so.If you don't understand it well, it's hard to know what's down there. Even if you do, understanding is not in place, and it's not so flexible. So I'm going to help my child, although he's born in a very tight time frame, but because he doesn't get it right at first, and then he says, like, he's not old, that's the point.I don't think so.It's easy to go to his old road, because he's been doing it for more than a year, and it's easy to fix it.	labels:So he's interested in this issue after two classes in the last two days.
text:I'm interested, I think he's a little bit qualified for physics, because after all, I think he's interested in math as a whole, which means he's feeling pretty good, but he's probably having a lot of time on summer vacations, and he's not that passionate, but he's not that passionate, but he's gonna think I'm easy to understand, and I'm pretty quick to grasp.	labels:It must have been a simple entry at first.
text:Entertainment yes.	labels:And he's interested on that phone. Physics was interested at first, right?I don't think so.Learn to feel something strange, and there's a curiosity to keep him learning, yes.
text:I'm in charge of his life from the beginning, and some of them say he's in a hero league, and I'm in the middle of something, and then I can get in touch, because the information point for him is digging.	labels:Ain.
text:It's still pretty good as a whole, and then what else does Dad propose for Hae-gang, that is to say, some advice or something?	labels:He's a little bit greedy, and he's a little reluctant to ask me to go through it again. After all, it's not the main thing to teach me the truth. He's still going to the classroom to learn to understand and master it, that is to say, to develop a good habit. A habit of learning is useful for the accumulation of knowledge. It's not the only thing that counts on it.
text:You're just learning to get used to it, aren't you?	labels:A habit of learning, a good mentality, and one that says it's a hard exercise.
text:That's the spirit of dad being very educational.	labels:This is the way to achieve this by summer, which is what I think, so this general school teacher, Mr. Zhang, has been talking to them, including several other teachers, and I feel that sometimes he does what he says at sea. Yes, he does, but sometimes the kid is tough, he does what he says to his face, and he doesn't have it. After all, it's probably not small, he's not small, he's not small, he's very small, he's very autonomous, he's very weak, and China's constraints are very poor.
text:No, because, after all, Mom and Dad are busy, and then they don't follow him, and he's tired, and he's a sick man, and he's a sick man, and he's a sick man, and he's a sick man, and he's a sick man, and it's probably a habit to remind him that since he's listening, the point is that he's saying a valid suggestion, and he's going to take it slowly, and if you just say what you want, then he's going to be okay, and it's not going to work, and he's going to feel like he's still talking.I don't think so.But it's good for Hainan as a whole, and most of these problems still exist, especially with the temptation to have some computers or something right now.	labels:Yeah, so you don't usually have a computer at home, and then she comes in and puts a computer in it, and she goes to the factory sometimes.I don't think so.Yes.
text:Anyway, I think Dad's having a hard time.	labels:Yeah, I'll start from the outside and you'll see the kids grow up.
text:It's big, isn't it? So are we.	labels:Sometimes there is limited capacity and the fact is that more teachers are hired.I don't think so.Yes.
text:Of course, we're all about kids getting older, and we're about to get to school.	labels:It's something, so I'm still in the middle of a common sense class, because once he didn't make up for it, this is what I'd like to see after it, because the next thing you know, when Mr. Wang told me that day, you should have planned with him, so I told Mr. Wang a lot, including about my family.
text:Including the idea, right?	labels:In his physical condition, including whether or not he could run in Shanghai, if not, the price of the doctrine would be different.
text:So I'm the most important.	labels:If I were to wait until a year ago to determine what was relevant, then I might be able to continue with some planning now, which could include some mentoring.
text:Because it's true that each child is tutoring in Shanghai, and if you don't, you're a little behind, and it's a common phenomenon in Shanghai, because I'm out of town, and there's no tutoring in Shanghai, but now you're tutoring in Shanghai, and then you're sure you're competing with the kids in Shanghai, and then you're probably not much different in learning.I don't think so.And then you learn, and then you stay, and maybe you're a little behind, a little behind, and you're a little behind, and you're a smart kid, you're a smart kid, you're a good learner, you're a good influence, but because there's a little bit of learning about remedial classes, and the kid's confidence drops, and he's going to compare his grades, because he's still pretty good.I don't think so.Or do I really have to focus on the exams because I had a third student who said that his father's friends would have done whatever he said to me before, and then his dad would have done it easy, and then a few months before the advice, and a month or two or two or three months should have been two or three months before his dad knew it. No, his dad and his friends couldn't do it, and then his dad cried and worked so hard for so long that he was ready to go to Shanghai for a test or something?	labels:And then we'll go back to your house, totally.
text:The points of knowledge about such examinations are the points of knowledge, not the same or the same, but not the same or the same.I don't think so.The test then focuses on whether the point of knowledge may be very different or not, but the point is different, that is to say that you are more concentrated in Shanghai and more dispersed in the field.I don't think so.Therefore, it may be possible to speak English in one of these areas, especially in mathematics and physics, which may still be quite dominant in Shanghai.	labels:That's what I'm talking about.
text:So I asked the children when I was in the first class, because he told me that the man told me everything, and then I said that there was nothing wrong with the exam, because I heard that his sister had gone to high school, and he said that my sister did not go to high school in Shanghai, and I said no.	labels:The exam's bad. Look at it. It's for sure.
text:Because it's really important, like it's really good to be in a high school exam in Shanghai, because I found out now that I've seen those senior high school students' scores, and I think we used to say that if I were to study in Shanghai, I'd think it'd be a little touchy, a sense of regret, that it's not the right place to be born and that it's hot.	labels:That's why we're setting him up this year.
text:I thought Mom and Dad did it.	labels:We'll try not to do that.
text:Yes, and it's really great for Mom and Dad, and I think it's all for the kids.	labels:There's no way this kid lets him study, but it's an investment.
text:Of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of the... of...	labels:He really wants to get it, yeah.
text:I'm sure Mom and Dad want it, but it's not without it when they invest.	labels:Yeah, I feel a lot of risk pressure, don't I? I'm really upset about kids sometimes, just thinking about whether I can get through that road or not.I don't think so.So sometimes it feels, though it feels like it's a lack of capacity, right? It's not the same if you really read properly.
text:Yeah, well, we all think about it a little bit better. And if I think I'm a little more impressed with Haeko's dad, I think it's great, but then you might want to think about what I wouldn't be better.	labels:Sometimes it's hard to blame itself.
text:It's not a condition, there may have been conditions, there might have been conditions, because Mom and Dad might not have offered such good conditions. Look how much you've given the kids now, right? It's already in.	labels:But it's not going to work.
text:Anyway, yes.	labels:Mr. Chan, I'll take care of it when I take care of it, including his only child.
text:It's really going to work out.	labels:So people here decide to take the exam, and I really want to make it up to him in every way, and now it's a habit to raise it, but I haven't told him yet, I haven't told him I can't think about it, I said you're trying.
text:I asked him earlier, and he told me today that he said he could pass the exam, and then he said he could do it. Dad really didn't tell him about it, he didn't tell him about it.	labels:Yeah, I'm trying to create some conditions now, right? Yeah.
text:In fact, he should know a little bit about his father's hard work, or else I think it's a good idea to say the whole thing about children, and it's probably going to take time to learn, because it's probably the way it is around him, because I know it's possible that Dad isn't around very much.	labels:Yeah, I'm all right now.
text:I'm sorry to interrupt today. I'm sorry to bother you for so long, but just call me if you have any questions. That's Mr. Cheung. I'm Mr. Zhang, my name is Zhang Yang, and I'm a Physics teacher.	labels:Well, you send me your phone number.
text:I'm texting you.	labels:It's okay. Thank you. Bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:How much did you get for math?	labels:80, 150 for 80.
text:22, 22, 100 in English. You're ready to ask options.	labels:Under consideration.
text:All right, let's start with physico-chemicals.	labels:I already have a gun.
text:Probably finished the parents' meeting for the first time? No, how much for physics? About 50,60,100,120,120, maybe 14.	labels:Around.
text:Do you press 110, or 100, 100, 100, 70?	labels:Chemistry and 80.
text:Bio59. Okay, let's look at the scores, then you listen to what's wrong, and you say yes.I don't think so.The first chapter of the first mathematic examination and the summary of the set of functions, while the main part of the test is the relevant part of the set, if you take 80 points, it is still difficult to prove that the block of the summation and the probability of the function is captured. How much do you get for mathematics in junior high school?	labels:It seems to be the main thing.
text:The last question at the time, the distribution of the function and the secondary function images was solved by focusing questions. Is that correct?	labels:It's not very good at writing anyway.
text:You don't know how to write it, do you? What do you mean, "assembly"? Now you're learning index functions.	labels:Haven't you read it yet?
text:All index logarithms are finished. What do you mean by index function?	labels:The victim described y as the ax hook.
text:Go on.I don't think so.For example, y equals kx is the next index function. Are you sure? What's the logarithmic function called?	labels:Y equals log aauavdx now.
text:How much did you take in English?	labels:60% 58 or 9, I know.
text:English doesn't have much to ask students in terms of scores, because it's a test for less than 50 points. Do you agree with me?I don't think so.Because there is no need to pass the English test, which is the terminological test, and then to complete 1,800 words, 500 words, i.e. 2,300 words and phrases, in order to pass 70, if that is not the case, no one will pass.I don't think so.In other words, at this point in time, perhaps English is most in need of filling, most in need of speaking to you, but it's meaningless to talk to you in English at the moment. It's not so efficient, it's important to speak English, but it's not the most urgent. It's urgent that you go down there and back the list. You give me five vowels, which are the letters?	labels:What do you mean, open room?
text:What do you mean, closed syllables? If you can't back down, there are, for a number of reasons, I'll tell you which one, one of them is sure you don't want to be lazy, and it's kind of boring.I don't think so.The second one can't read himself, so it's written directly in Chinese, so it's a bit tiring, and it's a long time ago. The third is when the teacher asks for it, and then you follow it, and you don't learn, and it's worse when you forget it.I don't think so.The fourth one is that when you really feel that the word isn't working, you find that you owe more, you feel like you can't finish it, so you can't. You can choose the four.
text:Don't be later.	labels:There's too few places for me to forget.
text:I don't think it's useful to learn English either, because two English teachers don't either, and then speak English h33 in person. A Wonderful nice to meet you. He doesn't speak these things, if your classmates talk to you in English, one word and two words, if you talk to you, you'll make him crazy, but if you talk to him in a series of words, it's a gradual process, and it's a memory process.I don't think so.You're going to need 2,800 words in high school, 500 words in high school, nearly 6600 in high school. You say 2300+3,300 is not 5600, why 6,600?I don't think so.Because there are 300, 300 super-programme words in junior high schools, 600 super-programme words in high schools, nearly 1000 together, 6600 in order to achieve a better score, and the university has to reserve 80 to 10,000 aliases to complete a level 4 examination, and even if I hear that the college examination is loose, then you won't get a fourth degree, even if you don't get it, you won't get it, you don't get it, you don't get it, you don't get it, you don't get it, you don't get it, you don't get it, you don't get it, you don't get it, you don't get it, you don't get it, you don't get it, you don't get it, you don't get it, you don't get it.I don't think so.So if you want to learn English when you go home, do you have a minimum of 20 words per day from today? Can you read the notes?	labels:See what's hard? Sometimes it's hard.	labels:Okay.
text:If you want, then you can speak pronunciation and sign, and then you can go back and say it quickly, and then you can think about English after a month or two, or you can't learn anything else, you can't do more grammar, like you don't know anything in the first grade of primary school, you don't know anything about it. We need to think about it, and then we need to think about how to do it, how to do it, how to do 100 points in the language, and then maintain an average line, which means that the piece of U Ying Wen should be able to do better.I don't think so.Because of the fact that the high test is usually the subject of the question, and we will talk about the high test later, the final score is not the selected text in the fourth part of the third title, nor the first one, but mainly the one not in those two modern languages, but mainly in the second one, and the translation of the text, which is more well done.I don't think so.You've learned four U Yin languages now, haven't you? How many literatures have you written? You've stabbed the King of Qin, right? What else? What else should the Hongmen's feast have?	labels:There's a line in the new section that's going to come back here.
text:Listen to your back, I'll listen.	labels:In what other way, direct successions are usually transferred only to technological sources for ease of water, high-graduation basic love songs and children ' s songs for sound production, direct water level air conditioning and air conditioning, cooling devices and breathless air, and the father ' s generosity to the mortals of the living world.
text:Okay, first of all, which scene do you think this paragraph is about the whole story of the King of Qin, and which country do you think some of them are going to go to the Qin Empire?Talker 5.Is that Chu? Yes.
text:Now that we're out of the earth, out of the earth, out of the way, out of the way, out of the way, out of the way, and next to the easy water, what was the mood of the master when the blizzard and the gloom went down? Who said that, or Mr. Song?	labels:Saying what you're saying?
text:Seeing death as an expression of his determination? Well, the answer in the literature is relatively loose, which means you've reached the point where you think he'll get a full score if he's dead.I don't think so.And now, when I read the answer, the eight-point question will never get a full score, and the writing will have to write a middle-class rule, not a radical one, or there will be a greater risk.I don't think so.Your chances of getting a high score are relatively small, but it's more likely to be written in three categories, 1 per cent, 10 per cent of good writings, 90 per cent of good writings, so don't take a risk, it's too risky to take a risk here. Physics is only learning now, and then leverage is learning. When is that?	labels:Middle school, too.
text:Back there, you've all learned how to rub it.	labels:The synthesizing of the synthesizing forces that have just focused on working together.
text:Good or bad, we'll pick where we want to go.	labels:The reaction to the oxidation reaction is then more intense.
text:Organisms. Have you finished learning about the cytocytes?	labels:A lesson was given.
text:It's still a plant or an animal.	labels:The botanical animals are working on seven cells.I don't think so.Let's talk about it first.
text:Which of the cells are in the plant cells, which are in the animal cells, which are in the plant cells, and which are diesel only? Leaf greens, apart from the leaves, have nothing else.	labels:Nothing.
text:Cell walls are not cellular machines.	labels:The other one's not.I don't think so.Okay.
text:First of all, it's better for you to start with science, if you don't want to carry on with so much stuff, then science is better. Because science is a score and a higher score, and it's more specific, less subjective than language, so many subjective factors influence it, and it's more certain and less unstable.I don't think so.Because the subject of literature is essentially a 180-point subject at the back of it, i.e. it needs to be written and discussed, criticism of the teacher's mood and opinion is a significant part of it, and because all students do not have the standard answer level, it would be better to choose our science, because they are more subjective, more objective, right and wrong, and there is nothing to discuss.I don't think so.In that case, let me start with the student, and let me turn to your current position in the exam.I don't think so.The first line of science is science, which is 580 for literature, 560 for literature, which is reserved for this score in order to get a line, and the second line, which is 530 for science, 510 for arts, 470 for arts, 420 for specialists, 200 for two specialties, and what if you go to high school later you need to find a relative? If it's okay to go to college, that's enough for 200 to go to college, 750,200 to go to college, 100 for languages, 100 for others, and 100 for universities.I don't think so.But where are the schools in Hekoda Loyang? There are several majors in Heko University, most of which are two specialties, Loyang Polytechnics, Loyang Pedagogical College, Loyang Pedagogical College, Henan Province, with the exception of Looyang Pedagogical College, which has the highest degree of Løyang Masters, Loyang Pedagogical Colleges, which are either second-level colleges, or private universities, which have a relatively high cost of 470 points, and 200 schools?I don't think so.We're all going to have an agricultural school? At the Orient terminal, it's as if all of these second-class schools are integrated by secondary and technical schools, and now they're going to be one, and then three are not the second group of specialists, is it?Talker 5.It's like a high-level job.
text:It's the same as a former post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-graduate post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary post-secondary postI don't think so.So there is no difference between a special degree I and a special diploma II, and then there is no difference between a special diploma and a two or three diplomas, and it is a distinction between the chapters of different schools.I don't think so.In other words, the two diplomas taken by the students are the same as the two diplomas issued by Qinghua University, except that in the end the school has a different chapter, the principal has a different signature, and the other difference is that one has no private university, all three are good specialties, the majority of the two are public, the majority of the two are combined, and some of the three schools are two or two specialties, because the three schools do not have to ask not to take a profession, so he will have two special subjects.I don't think so.The school, for example, refers to the Xian Institute of Foreign Translation, including our Hinda in Henan Province and Sicilys, all of which say that our private high schools, the social forces, the private high schools are making a stock of scores, and students are now stuck on a single line.I don't think so.In the current situation, if we go forward and try, we may be able to go up to three lines, three cents, because the 420 is still cut or cut, in which case, in which case the student has his own advantage, he will show one such performance in relative terms, and the main focus will be on a short-term enhancement in both mathematics and English. If he is able to adjust in the first grade, he may be more motivated in the second and third grade.I don't think so.And speaking of what we've always set ourselves as a goal, like going to college, what kind of college you want to go to, you say one, and then I'll tell you how you're going to go, how hard you're going to be, and how far you're going to go, and what you're going to think about going out or going to Loyang.Talk to the 6th.Off-site thinking.
text:You don't tell me you're going to have a party at night, I'm going to clean up the bathroom, for example, watch out for dinner, then I can't beat you, and then I can't look at you. Now you're staying at school.I don't think so.You start high school, you start high school, you start high school, you start high school. Okay, which school do you want to talk about? I'll listen to how much you want to get. It's fine to talk about Qingbei. I'll tell you how to get into Qinghua.	labels:I didn't even think about these two schools.
text:I don't think these two schools are grateful to themselves, and they're so stupid, they can't get them, or what, why can't they get you? Three years before you go to high school, and then a month and two months later, why don't you have any faith in yourself?I don't think so.It's okay if you want to go to college, you have two or three books, you set yourself a problem, you don't talk about it, you think about it, you try, you can't say I'm trying to get a 200 grand back, you're going to college, you're going to 785 and 200 and you're just trying to experience college life. It's okay, you're not going to have to be too hard, but you're going to have a demand for yourself, you're going to have a good two-year school in the south of the river, and I feel like the best two in Henan is Koda, and it's still appropriate for you to be a teacher and boys to be a teacher, just like me.Talker 5.It's nice for a teacher to look at someone.
text:You don't know the teacher, he's very tired, he's very tired.Talker 5.The teacher has a summer vacation feeling.	labels:It's fine.
text:But for a girl, as a bride-in-law, as a daughter-in-law, as a child-in-law, as a teacher taking care of her family during the summer break, a boy has to come out and practice for the world, because he has to support the whole family, his wife is home and then educates the children, and then takes care of the family.I don't think so.Okay, let's take a 200-point example, science 530, and I'll tell you how much it would take to accumulate at every moment if I tell you where 530 averaged 500 lines. First of all, there's 105 points for languages, 105 points for literature, 100 points for mathematics, and 110 points for science. To achieve that level, an English science, 100 points for science, 110 points for literature, which is the opposite of mathematics, and an integrated management would probably be 180 points for literature, 200 points for science, which is a minimum standard.I don't think so.What is more appropriate for you now is that you feel that you can do it by jumping out of the second round, that the language is almost perfect, that mathematics is still a little bit more important than you are, that English is the largest, and that when you combine this, it is more appropriate for you to be able to do it, that you can do it by 20 points, regardless of whether you have a 20-point gap.I don't think so.So the first thing you have to do, if you have to do with a ranking of importance, is to solve the problem of English, because the English den can't fill all the other subjects, the English can't catch them, and you can't even think about the three, you can't even think about the 80 points, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it.I don't think so.Because two of your scores in the language are directly withheld, at least 12-18 points in one, because more than 70 per cent of the students are in the second category for 42-48 points in music, there are few of them in music, there are three writings in writing, there is no gap in the words of high school students, there is no difference in the application and mastery of the last two penultimate words, there are two readings in the literature, and one reading of the text in our current situation is only two readings in the literature, and one reading of the two books is only 4545 points, and the score is almost half the score, and you've got 30 points in each of the two projects, so you've got 120,110 points in the rest, and you've got no difference, you don't want to score 100 points in this block, the language bottleneck is 130, the language student is 130 points, and it's all luck, no one can guarantee that he's going to take 130 points, even if he's doing it at the same time.I don't think so.You don't think so?I don't think so.If you ask him, you say next time you tell me you're gonna bet him 100 points on junior high.	labels:Isn't that better?
text:It is also difficult to pass one hundred and fifteen in junior high school.Talker 5.2%.
text:You bet him how hard you are to win. Mathematics seems to be difficult. Mathematics is actually five blocks, the first is a function, the second is a row, the second is a block 3 probability, the fourth is a space vector, a cube geometry. You learn one. The second is a space quadrilateral, right? The spatial graphics are not well developed. The geometry is mainly the geometry of space cubes, the geometry of space vectors, and the last is the equation, including parameters, equations, linear equations and equations.I don't think so.All right, these five pieces also correspond to the final six major issues of the High Tests, or two, 20, 21 and 24, mainly the selection curve and the guide. The 12 points in the row are usually placed on the 17th, the first, and the probability is the third.I don't think so.Question 19, 12 minutes, geometry and spatial vectors are 18 points 12 points, and the equation diversity is the last of the 13 points 10 points. The sum of the functions in chapter I that you are learning is the summation of the sum of the columns prepared for them, whereas the algebra of the function is the preparation of the function. If you test them for them, the primary function is usually the choice, to do them, index function, log function, and then you learn a trigonometric function, which is the sine cosine, sine, cosine equation, and the snow sheep's most difficult cone curve at the back, and the content of the function, which is distributed in elliptical form, including the trace fractions at the back, is based on the function.I don't think so.So you actually have a lower sense of function content this month, because the summary of function cannot be asked, and when the back index function logarithmic function is completed, you have more of the test content, both of which are the points of the card, but will be in the front as the basic initial card minute.I don't think so.I'll give you 150 minutes to tell you how this 110,100? First, the high test is 12 choices, one to five points, and how many points? Okay, 60 primary, second grade maths is better, four are empty 1 to five points. Second, 80 plus the day before, 17 scores behind, 18 spatial vector geometry, 19 probabilities are 20,21, the hardest part of the human curve. And last, 20,234, 3 picks one, one triangulation, one more triangulation, one more chemistry, and a higher rate of correctness, 10 points.I don't think so.First of all, question 20, two major questions, and then the most difficult card scores. We don't have two questions to lose, and then how much is left behind? Drop 24,150, drop 24 or what? 126? Delete two questions, choose the last one, test 12 more difficult.I don't think so.Question No. 16, these two questions add a few tenths and drop it 116, and your first goal is to get as many scores as possible in 116 points. So I'm talking about the tally as far away as I'm saying it is, so you throw the last two firsts out, and you get the right 116 points at your current level. If you do 80%, you'll get 90%. 100, and you'll probably get 70 if you choose it in the highest. The last two questions are usually written, the first two two two to six, that's the first two, that's the first two, that's the first two, that's the first, that's the first 100 points, that's the right score, that's more than 110, that's more than 10, that's less pressure in English, that's smaller, that's less stress in English, that's not even small, that's English, that's almost 70, that's 70, that's 70, that's what you're gonna do later.I don't think so.Because you don't have your high school test, because you can't see that the biggest difference between high school and junior high school English is two, the first is completely empty. The first is that junior high school is essentially a grammar test, a phrase group, a fixed match. The second is that high school is mainly about recognition, and the second is the one that's wrong and the two are the most different, so you've read the vocabulary, but it's decided whether you pass in English, you can get 70 points if you complete the vocabulary, you can get 70 points if you want, you don't have any problems with the other grammar, you can't get 7 points, you can't handle it, you can talk about it relatively well, it's okay to leave it on one side, put it on the other side, put it on the other side, put it on the other side.I don't think so.Does he have a screw? It doesn't matter. If you don't mind him, you can wait until Monday to give the workers a break. It's only been two months since the new table was bought.Talker 5.He's Spros.
text:All right, when you speak English, mathematics has to be a good subject for you, and you have to be a good one. If you've got a problem with math, you can't do it in English or in our vocabulary. That's not the end of it. Don't say a high exam, you're lucky you're going to college, all the other subjects are going to go to college, you're going to go to college, you're going to have to do it, you're going to have to do it for two years, you're going to have to do it for ten thousand, you're going to have to do it for ten thousand, you're going to have to do it for ten thousand, you're going to do it for ten thousand, you're going to have to do it for six thousand, and you're going to have to do it for two years.I don't think so.You're on average 2,000 words a year, or you're going to go to college for two years and you're going to have to pick up the check, but you're going to have to do better than go back to normal than go back to work together. Did you have one when you were a kid, and then you didn't have a vacation, so you didn't have to go back to school?	labels:Nothing.
text:Is the rest of the homework written at the beginning or at the last time?	labels:Start.
text:I heard my dad say that when I was a kid, I put a bunch of them up to the last three days, and I started packing every time in April.	labels:Worked for days the first night in advance.
text:Been working for days.	labels:One time I forgot about me.
text:My dad says I don't remember well. I don't have to go to the end of my physico-chemistry class. The physical bottleneck, though 110 points, is 80 points, the physical bottleneck is 80, the physical difficulty is 80, the questions of the card scores are all physical, it's better that physics is a system, the high school learning system is more complete, it's as a basis for sports, the magnetic field of the power plant on the back, and the dynamics, including the glass divers of our light, including our nuclear energy response, are all based on kinetics.I don't think so.I'll give you an example. Are you done with your vibes?I don't think so.I'll give you some proof of how many points of knowledge Physics he can test on together, 11 points of knowledge, and then I'll take seven points, one rough flat, one block on the level, one block on the plane, and one force to push it. When the wood is still, and it's still, and it's moving, and it's moving, and it's accelerating the straight line, do you know that?I don't think so.Well, when he started without talking about his acceleration, he started to accelerate the movement, until he finally kept the motion constant, the flat-rate straight-line movement, and asked how the thrust f push f changed.I don't think so.He moved from pushing him to pushing him, starting to accelerate the movement and finally moving at a flat speed straight.I don't think so.Pushf talks about motion trends,f what changes are now, what changes in size and how? You're just telling one answer, and I'll explain to you, it's a high-test theme at the exhibition, because you've learned all your designs now, and it's okay.Talker 5.It's okay to find the wrong one.	labels:From this point on, it's growing.
text:You're the only one, no matter what he comes in, you're gonna grow bigger and smaller, then smaller and bigger.	labels:It's bigger, then it's smaller, then it's probably bigger, so...
text:It's bigger, smaller, bigger, more uniform.	labels:You sure, okay.
text:I'm telling you.Talk to the 6th.Answer.
text:The answer is to grow bigger, then smaller, and eventually to remain the same, then smaller, and finally to remain the same, the standard answer.I don't think so.I'll give you a guess on the first small test.I don't think so.Did you learn about the first reaction? The reactionary effect.	labels:First test.
text:It's not this test. What's "silent friction"? What's "silent friction"? What's "silent friction."	labels:And the object is removed and defined without knowing how to say it.
text:So what's the point of another question? Can you figure this out? What's the point of not coming in? Make it clear. Do you understand?	labels:You know what to say.
text:What do you think? Happiness is related only to one cause, and it's related to the motion trend radar. You understand? Well, he's not moving, but I'm not pushing him, he's not pushing through the big one of Tarly's subsidies, and it's priced the bigger it gets, the bigger it's rubbing, and it's only related to this movement, right?I don't think so.What's the maximum silence? What's the power? What's the power? What's the interaction? What's the balance?Talk to the 6th.Just call.
text:In a moment, the parents of Lee's family have a friend, Han, with the students. I've been here before. If I'm not busy, wait for me. Why don't you tell them?	labels:Can you tell me?
text:Just learned.	labels:You know what you want to know?
text:It's different from balance.	labels:Then there's a problem with the time.
text:I'm going to take you apart, and I'm going to do two pairs of forces in opposite directions, equal size, but there's a difference between forces and counter-activities, forces, objects and receptors, and an object that balances the effects of objects is an object, you know?I don't think so.Okay, that's the difference. Maximum static friction, maximum static friction. What do you mean, maximum static friction?	labels:That's the dream I had from the moment I was still to the moment of motion.
text:Need to go back and take a look at it? But it's okay, and then it's all about what's right and what's wrong with it. The physics comes up in the exam, it's like this, and it's too bad to be sure if there's a problem with this concept.I don't think so.Okay, what's the size of the maximum static friction relative to the sliding friction? Is it bigger or smaller than it is? The maximum static friction must be greater than the amount of sliding friction, right? Who cares about the size of the sliding friction?	labels:Pressure between objects.
text:One decides on two factors: the pressure of a motion object on the surface of contact, and the other on the roughness of the surface of contact, f equals ml? Nothing.	labels:Animal friction coefficient.
text:Animal friction factors are stress.I don't think so.The back of Newton must be the first rule for me to listen to.	labels:Didn't learn.
text:Middle school.	labels:9th grade.
text:He is a compulsory subject. The third lesson is the law of Newton's sport, but Newton is defined as an object of lower secondary school, whose motion is always constant in a state of inactivity or a balance of resistance, and you should learn to be in a static or flat-rate straight-line movement.	labels:Have you studied?
text:The balance of strength, which is likely to reach a flat-rate straight-line movement only when f moves in the direction of the back, f slides, because the plane is a horizontal vertical direction, and it is then receptivity-balanced, and only if the horizontal direction is also pressure-balanced, can it move at a single-speed straight-line movement? So f is big at first, and the participants are still at first, and he only moves when the maximum amount of static friction is reached.I don't think so.At the end of the exercise, it will have to strike a balance, f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f-f. This is the end of a state, and the center will now definitely fall from a large to a small one, and the profit will then be increased to a certain level, and then the flat-rate straight line will remain constant, small and large, and eventually the flat-rate straight line will grow large and small and eventually small.I don't think so.The higher the pressure on him, the faster he moves down, the greater the pressure, the moustache, the nn, the change, well, the more complicated his judgment.Talk to the 6th.So.
text:Physics is the hardest one, and you have to take it every year, and it has an impact, plus it's an impact.Talker 5.The slope.
text:It's a mandatory test every year, you're supposed to do it every year at school, he's got to do it every year, he's got to do it at least before the exam. I'm not sure about it 1,000 times, I'm sure 200 times. I'm sure there's certainty about it. So physics is relatively difficult, there's a lot of physical contortion, there's a lot of chemistry, there's a lot of chemistry, there's a lot of chemistry, and there's a lot of tests, but if it's relatively simple, he just needs to remember it, and then you can score it with a few little things, there's a lot of loops in physics, there's a lot of puzzles in physics, there's a lot in physics, you know, schoolmates?I don't think so.Biographical note 59, which is not much of a book, includes the concept of physics, and then remembers it. It's the foundation of your foundation. Political history, drawing politics, history geography is simply one of the advantages of a boy. Geography is the best for him in all subjects, if he chooses literature, although it is only 100 points, because geography is more logical in relative terms. If students are boys, there is an advantage in this area, because most of the literature is chosen by female students, and it is strengthened mainly by moving from the Earth and the part of daylight time.I don't think so.Isn't it hard to get this one now?	labels:It's okay.
text:This one then determines whether a student can pass 60 points or more and gets 90 points if he does 90 points, while history and politics usually have a small number of students who pass 70 points, because he has more subjective questions, the political exam is mainly about points, it's about points, and then the key words must be very accurate, not one word wrong, not one word changed.I don't think so.The first is the axis of the Central Valley, the second is the axis of the recent revolution, the third is the axis of the foreign world, which is actually arranged on two sides according to the different countries, and then two or two parts, one of which is the literary work of the ancient Middle Ages, which is part of the eight ninety-one options every year.I don't think so.The other is to say that in general, he will get his appreciation, and that China has a larger share of literature, so how much do you think of the four options to add another one? 46,24,24+13,14, and the Chinese literature is not good enough for you to think about yourself. And the revolution, the recent revolution, and the reforms.I don't think so.In conclusion, I would like to discuss with you two questions, the first of which is why we're learning, and the other one how we're learning. Perhaps these are the same things that high school students don't want to listen to, but I'm telling college students, because before I came to Loyang, I worked four years as a ccdm in Wuhan, a university career guide, and was primarily responsible for pre-service career guidance for university students, helping them to move from a student to a career.I don't think so.I found out in my work that many college students don't know why they're studying, so I'm going to talk to you about these two issues today. Uncle Qin, you tell me what to say, and then my dad wants me to learn what I'm learning. It's okay.	labels:First study.
text:I don't listen to reason. You don't talk to me. I'll tell you the truth.	labels:Preparations for a future programme of work.I don't think so.The second one is the Exam.
text:You're going to say the opposite. The most recent one is Gorr, where thousands of horses are squeezing the ridge. Although it's not so much as ten million mid-sized and small, the good schools are still the ones that take them, or the worst schools where students expand their schools, first of all, for higher examinations, and second, for better jobs, for better jobs, for a better life. I'll give you a little more detail, because you have to study after your work for a single word, for Choose, Choose Choose, to tell you what it means. You know, choosing the next word and the kid is the right to choose a choice.I don't think so.At this point in the past year, you can think about choosing a school you want to go to after the final exam, which high school you want to go to. You can choose the best high school in Luoyang, you can choose the nearest high school, you can choose the most beautiful one in the system, you can choose the best playground, you can choose the best one, you can choose the best one, you can choose the best one, you can choose the best one in the basketball rack, you want to have a high-quality and transparent place, or you can have your own gym, and you can choose the one you need, and if you do, which school do you want to go to?I don't think so.You want to go to high school, or you don't feel high school.	labels:The higher the better, the better.
text:The more likely there's a face, but what kind of school do your best friends go to in junior high?	labels:Drop one.
text:Do you still have a lot of contact with each other?
text:Not much. Why?I don't think so.There's no contact.
text:If you feel like you're all going to Loico, you can still be good friends.I don't think so.Because it's my choice, so, from what I say, you can choose who you want to be friends with. I don't know the level of education in Eastern high school, the level in Eastern high school. I don't know if there's a big difference between him and L.I don't think so.I don't agree with the old Chinese saying that you don't want to make friends, but it also points to the question of which university you can choose after the end of high school, which university you study in, what kind of work you can think about after college, what kind of work you can do, what kind of people you make friends with and what kind of people you have, what kind of company you choose your own boss, how you choose your own colleague, how you play after work, whether you're going to play glassball, how you're going to bowl, or how you're going to go bowling, or how you're going to play golf with your colleagues, how you can choose your own way of entertainment, how you spend your vacation, and how you can repay and treat your parents. Your father is well with you? I told you last time that 9:19 is bad, and it's funny to die.	labels:That's for sure.
text:If your daughter-in-law wants something later, will you put your hand on your mother and father and buy it again?I don't think so.If you want a dress that's not expensive, it's more than $1,000, you need my dad to give me $1,000, my daughter-in-law wants a dress, and you keep his mouth open. He feeds you for another 20 or 30 years and they're willing to do it, but then you don't say you're comfortable with it, but if you're raising your daughter-in-law and your daughter-in-law, you're gonna have a burden, because you're a boy, and of course it's all up to you, and if you learn, you'll have a choice, and you'll never have a choice if you want to choose.I don't think so.Or did you put it in there?	labels:You volunteered or not.
text:Has the Orient High School been reported to you? Is it in or out?	labels:It's supposed to be a third volunteer.
text:That's like dropping a copy. What's he gonna do when he gets to him? Was he forced to go to Orient High School, or did he just go to his parents to think about it?	labels:Or finally.Talker 5.Find two people.
text:You see, when we went to college, he told your dad where to find someone, didn't listen to anyone, and then he went to college, and this one went to college.I don't think so.Unless you beat up a good friend of his, his name is Xi Jinping, his name is Qinghuabei. You open up to Xi Jinping, my best friend is small, so let's not say anything, so if you don't get what you need, then let's see if the parents can give you this, and if you can give it to you, you won't give you anything. Do you understand? Your father won't nag about it?	labels:Not that he's nagging.
text:Then your mom's nagging.	labels:A little.
text:Do you like nagging?	labels:Don't like not picking on boredom.
text:Death learning is the only way to achieve it, and it is also the option not to listen to it.I don't think so.One word, if you say they won't talk about it, because you're more of a learner? Including not to play with computers, including not to go out, not to wear clothes, not to talk about it. I'll listen to you. I'll listen to you. I'll listen to you. I'll never say that. You can't say anything. You can't talk about it. You can't talk about it.I don't think so.He doesn't nag, and every time he sees you, he wants to say nice, and you want to say nice, the point is to worry whether you're worried about how much you're going to score, or whether you're going to get any good in the future. It's okay for you to do the 0 points now, so long as the parents have faith in you, he won't worry about you later. I think we're the railway system.Talker 5.There is no future for the catalogues, the railways.
text:Since the previous two days a railway system had been said out of the park to say that the new system was younger, that the Arabic language was better educated, that the result was double the salary of the older worker for more than a decade and less than two months, so it was not an express provision in the railway system that the cadre could not be 10 or 30 times higher than the employee ' s salary or 30 places.Talker 5.There is no express provision in this regard and no express provision in this regard.
text:Anyway, a family came here the other day and said, "Can't you go 10 times higher or 30 times higher? What do you think? You'll have a choice, or you'll have to take it. Do you want to go to the railroad?"I don't think so.No, I don't think it's a good railroad job, right? The point is, if you don't leave, your dad's gonna go two ways, either get you the money to go to school and open a shop, and you're gonna sell a cigarette and wine, and you're gonna spend the rest of your life, or you're gonna go inside the railway system, at least in a better environment, and you can take care of each other. Which way do you choose?	labels:Yes.
text:It's not easy to find a wife, it's hard to say that if you go into the system, you'll have at least a full job, and it'll be easier to find someone to marry.	labels:There's nothing wrong with the railway system.Talker 5.Unlike in the past, as if you might not know it, the railway system is still not what I thought it was. I told you he used to be a railroad, 20 years and 20 years ago, probably not even now.
text:Because it's probably the road now and it's getting better and better, including then his boss.Talker 5.But railways are not ineffective, either, in terms of the regulatory system, which is tantamount to the assignmental distribution system for these workers in practice.
text:So the employee.Talker 5.A month is just that.	labels:Two thousand dollars.
text:So it's definitely going to go to the leadership, or it's going to be technology.Talker 5.The saddest.
text:It's actually technology to win a better place in it.I don't think so.So what you're going to say is that learning is about taking destiny into your own hands, living in your own way, not being at your disposal. That's why you have to learn what you want to do and do what you want. You can learn what you want. Choose understands? How can you learn? Should you be handsome?Talker 5.Handsome and not handsome must choose one, no second. No.	labels:You.
text:Thank you for being smart? Not smart. You want to be handsome and smart. You're not handsome.	labels:Go straight ahead and get cleaned up here.
text:It's lazy, not a day's wash.	labels:See rcc 2 rcc.Talker 5.That's how Koreans do it, isn't it?
text:You suddenly looked in the mirror one day and found something green as big as a coin on your left face. Would you wash it off?I don't think so.Washed it once and didn't wash it off.	labels:It's been written down.
text:I haven't written it 10 times.	labels:No, that's it.
text:Okay, so you're not handsome, that's the question, just to see how difficult you are.I don't think so.First of all, we have to deal with it ourselves, and if it is not possible to do so ourselves, we must first seek help, seek help, seek help, seek help from our teachers and students, and most importantly, seek help from their parents.I don't think so.I may not be satisfied with your presence today because your father said that he had brought you to this situation and that you might not like it, and then you didn't want to go to a tutorial class for two days or one day in such a week, and you didn't realize that you were going to study, so I said that I was not happy with you.I don't think so.From the moment you sat here, I came into contact with you, including about that, and I'm not happy with it. And one thing I'm telling you here is that your father doesn't want you here, you can come here if he wants to pay for you, but you make your own decision.I don't think so.Because you want to learn to change your mind, and if not, no one can let you come, and you come to change yourself, not to be forced to go to school, which is the right of your choice, or to give yourself a chance, which is your choice, so that's the way it's going to be. Look, your father sees you when he doesn't tell him that he sees you, and he'll help you because your parents have a hole in your face with your selfless man, you get home from school on Friday night, you go home without a street light, you fall in, your pants break, you love a pair of pants break and your legs bleed.I don't think so.Next week, you come back on Friday night, you don't have a light, you don't even have a moon, you don't have five fingers, you fall in there. Will you fall in there? Why? Why? You walk around. You don't fall in the same pit twice. Now, if I ask you, I'm not gonna say anything in English.I don't think so.I didn't ask languages, did they get full points in math? Right? Okay, can you get full points in one of the best chemistry you've ever done?	labels:Physics creatures.
text:If you're wrong, after you've done it, and then you've said it, should you be about a month, more than 20 days, were you on the 8th or before the Fourth of July?	labels:The Fourth of July.
text:You've got about 20 days to make up for it and wipe off your face, but you'll still fall into the pit for the second time, the fourth time, and you'll feel smart. Do you regret it tomorrow, when the high test comes up? How do you learn? By everyone's attitude and efficiency, you're more committed in high school than you are in high school, and you're more likely to learn in high school than you are in high school.I don't think so.I look at learning as a metaphor for looking in the mirror and washing your face, and your homework is about the way you look in the mirror, and which student learns well, which student does well, who washes his face after he looks in the mirror, cleans it, who washes his face off, which student learns well.	labels:Which one of the students didn't learn well.
text:And so far, the time to wash your face is very popular, like in your life, and you don't even want to wash your face, so who can help you?I don't think so.If before today, I can also understand how you did it after I said it today, I can't understand it, because the last word is how steel is made. The most precious thing about a human being is life, for every human being only once, and when he is about to die, he goes back to his web site, and that's how to break it. The Boeing is so old-fashioned that he regrets and is not ashamed of being idle.I don't think so.At your age, you're not going to be happy at school, you're not going to learn, you're not going to learn, you're not going to have fun. If you don't take either, I feel that time is wasted. If I'm going to give advice, either play well, learn well, learn well.I don't think so.You have a minimum of seven years of education from now on, and you spend at least 150,000 dollars on education, and you spend at least 150,000 dollars on education. If you feel you don't want to do one thing, you tell your parents, and I can do your parent's job, and we give up.I don't think so.You can open up a research shop for $150,000, or you can go out to the military. What do you think?I don't think so.I want to talk to your father about this when I get home today, and you know what you're doing, and it's a waste of time, and I can find a reason for it, but there's no reason in English. If you don't read it, did it tell your father? Did you say it to your mother? How did you manage it, or did you put it in his own word? Did you say it? Did you do it? Did you try it? Did you just leave it there? Did your parents ask too little for you, or did they say too much for you?I don't think so.I don't know what happened to your father when I came here, and I don't know if you care what happened to your students. He's got to start at the beginning of the word, and he's got a bad back. I asked him, and you said, "What did he do to me, and he didn't talk to his teacher?" Did he say that he was too tolerant to you? Or did I criticize him that you took five minutes a day to monitor the passiveness of the student word, that he didn't care what he was doing, that he listened to what he felt, that his parents might be busy with their work hours and so on, that it was your own business, that you could eat the sizing that someone else would eat for you? Who cares about you at college, who would care about you after graduation?	labels:That's it.
text:It's not about criticizing your survival, it's about knowing what you're doing, what you're going to do about it.I don't think so.Or am I saying that our students are here at their own request, not being forced to come here. If it doesn't make sense, well, do you have anything else to say?I don't think so.That's the way it is for the students. If not, I'll make my final study summary.I don't think so.Is there anything you want to say? Do you have any faults or doubts of your own? You can talk to Mr. Wang. I'll analyze them for you. Do you?	labels:No information was said to be passive.
text:Tell me about it.	labels:Every day is intended, but every day it has to be strengthened to a little earlier.
text:Yeah, I know about your high school, and so is most of your high school, including Leaf High.I don't think so.I understand that this is the case, and I know it, and it's not an excuse to write 11:12 a.m. on a daily basis, even after 2 p.m. in the bedroom.	labels:And it's not a reason.
text:I want to ask you how much you've invested in your studies or yourself, and how much you've asked for yourself, and I want to ask you the same thing. You're not saying that from today's point of view, there's enough time for junior high school. Why don't you back down the middle school word? Yes, it is.	labels:This way.
text:Well, he must be a process that goes on and on and on.I don't think so.Your father took a long time without writing a pen to him, and he forgot it, and I had to think about it all day long. I read the name. I'm afraid I read it wrong. If I did, the English word must be a process of constant forgetting. Do you want to remember that once and for all? I said yes, you'll never forget it. You'll never forget it. It's too simple. I'll tell you how much you can spell it. You can't spell it because you know he'll forget, he'll forget. Why can't you read it a few more times?	labels:There is no reason or challenge for this.
text:As you learn more and more, you find yourself less likely to give up without being told about yourself. As in other subjects, you have the same attitude towards English. I don't know how to write or have an English assignment, and how to conduct English classes. Think about it. If all classes are like your English classes, I'll talk to your dad.Talker 5.Get you out of school.
text:If you don't go to school again, maybe you'll feel very kind and very kind.I don't think so.How would you feel if you were in all your classes like an English class?I don't think so.If you don't catch it, it'll be quick, because you're running out of lessons, and you're going to have to study two books and one or two books and you're going to have to do two. You're not asking for it. We're not listening. What do you want to do in this case?	labels:It's because it's authorized to upload something that's green, but it's not for itself, usually.
text:I'm going to do it slowly. I'm going to look for it. I'm going to ask you two simple conceptual questions. You said I'd do it.I don't think so.The concept, which is divided into memory, understanding, mastery and association, has just proved to you, on the physical level, that all the questions can be examined not just one, but one or the other, and that they are addressed by a combination of multiple concepts.I don't think so.There's a part of you that's not so solid, and the question is definitely not right, so I asked you a few basic concepts that you have, and you wouldn't.	labels:You don't have to remember this question, more than your old notes, more than your old notes, more about your classmates.
text:You can't even remember what it's all about, you can't just understand what the result concept is and I'll give it back to you.	labels:Yeah, if he means anything, he'll understand.
text:Remember to understand, then to deduce, first to describe such a textual formula of the concept, then to remember it later and then to understand it.	labels:Anything else?
text:The point is that if you want to do it and don't think about it, you don't want to do it, you don't feel comfortable and comfortable in high school. But you're not going to go to high school because it's harder than junior high school, I know it, but it's better than the center, and if you want to do it in three years, you don't have to do it in three years, you don't have to do it in three years, you don't have to do it in three years, you don't have to do it in three years, you don't have to do it, you don't have to do it, you don't have to do it in three months, you don't have to do it, you don't have to do it in three months, you don't have to do it, you don't have to do it, you don't do it in three months.I don't think so.Not yet.	labels:At present, the idea of persuasion is easy to take.
text:But the cold ice water is cold for it, and it's more of a high test, and we certainly don't learn it now, because you're only learning four pieces of literature, and if that's the only way to identify it, there's no reason for it, like the father here, no grown-ups know a lot of things, no grown-ups use it, and he needs a force of constraint to supplement those that are lacking.I don't think so.What's your problem? What's your problem, Mr. Fu?Talker 5.It turns out he may feel, but he doesn't know how. It's the thought, it's the future, right?I don't think so.Yeah, he's a little confused, and he's going to look like he's going to have a lot of fun, and he's going to say he's going to be right at his right hand, and he's going to be making progress anyway, and that's what it is, that's what it's going to be.
text:So.Talker 5.Our goal might be a gap, but it's still a little bit of a reversal, isn't it?
text:Because a man is a big man, and he'll know what to do when he thinks too much about it.Talker 5.We also know that his basics are less well founded, because when he chooses, he chooses English directly, and in fact, he knows that the problem is here, but there is little we can do about it.
text:In a moment, I will deal with some of our ideas, including that of us at this time, with some suggestions, and also with the English language, which now speaks to you.Talker 5.It's like spelling like learning Chinese, which is what he's doing right now, that's teaching him how to read first and then to remember later.I don't think so.Yeah, well, it's like it's the first step, and it's the first step, and it's the first step, and it's the first step, and it's the first step, and it's the end of it, and it's the end of it, and it's the end of it, and it's the end of it, and it's the end of it, and it's the end of it, and it's the end of it.
text:First of all, I have two pieces on my student studies that I don't believe. The first I don't believe in students because of carelessness, so the second I don't believe is a student's lack of interest, so it's not good because he's good at it, because he's good at it, and he's gonna win his sense of achievement and triumph, and he's not good enough to be so skilled and strong enough to promote such a master for a long time.I don't think so.If he was as skilled as he wrote his own name, it would not allow such a low-level process to be used.I don't think so.And I'm just saying this, and I'm just saying it all the time, because education has to be direct and then talk about it, and I don't care, because education has no place to compromise, and I'm talking about what you need to store, not about it.I don't think so.I think you're in this situation right now, with three targets, two targets, and two targets. If you're going to be able to reach the level of two by the end of February/March of the last year, you're going to have to hit one.I don't think so.In your current situation, as Ms. Wang said earlier, you have a big gap between two subjects, one math, one English, and the other subjects, and then do something that is less urgent than that.I don't think so.At first, you were more than this time, and most of the time you used to save up the accumulation of English and mathematics was a solid foundation, and you had to prove to yourself, through the experience of high school, that you lacked a middle school part, that you had a high school part, that you had a basic function, that we had a simple primary function, that we had a simple trigonometric function at the back, that you made a solid reserve, that you had English and then eased the problem, that you had to do it one step at the end, that you had to do it, that you had to do everything you could to do it, that 580 was not a particularly difficult thing, that was human, that you needed to do a high test, that you had to prove to yourself, that you had confidence, that you had confidence in your parents, that if you wanted to do anything in the future, that you could do it, and that confidence was more meaningful than your 580.I don't think so.That's it.I don't think so.We're starting to give him a study summary. First of all, the student's first problem is a question of mentality. The most important thing about mentality is a question of self-confidence and motivation. Self-confidence stems from the fact that he plays old and old and doesn't want to play. The student goes to school as much as he does. English is a particularly serious case.Talker 5.Isn't that right?
text:You said I had to do it after the exam, right? Yes or no?	labels:No, it's not.
text:When are they going down?	labels:So it's all a problem.
text:Okay, or how long does it usually last when there is a setback in learning? The exams are usually held up, and then two hours if three or five days of work are not done. This is still a condition-reflective goal in our educational science, targeting and self-reconnection, condition reflection, and biologically what is the contrast between condition, right? Stimulative, reactionary, and a relatively simple learning plan.I don't think so.The goal must be the best, once a week, with a maximum of monthly exams. Because you're fixed once a week, even if you insist on three or four days, this week can be completed. The target is set at every subject of each course, and it is detailed at every subject.I don't think so.The second issue is time management, which, if they are in high school, is more frequent, and the most time-related problem is that they spend more time in their school, so that students may not have the ability to manage their own time and space. Of course, the situation is still good for six weeks, and he has to do it.Talk to the 7th.You can't talk to yourself like you like it.
text:This is done on the basis of preferences and their own ideas.I don't think so.The third is target planning and target planning, and your goals are set to be specific, then planning to be fixed at a specific time, without radar.I don't think so.At school, it's enough to squeeze out English from 10 minutes to 20 minutes to 30 minutes a day. The English way of learning includes a word-back, and then I'll go back and say it one by one. If we can get here, we'll stay a little bit longer and give it to you. If we don't have the time now, and what does he do with a repeater?Talker 5.The tape is behind us.
text:No, it's the dot, it's the dot, it's the dot, it's the dot, it's the dot, it's the dot, it's the dot, it's the dot, it's the dots, it's the letters, it's the letters, it's the words, it's the dot, it's the pronunciation, it's the pronunciation.I don't think so.The fourth, like you said, is from junior high, which affects high school. The fifth, he says, is that the person can understand, but the solution is not clear. It is a comprehensive question, it is an ability to solve the problem, and it is not done until the end, and it is done in the context of the problems that lie ahead of us.I don't think so.Okay, you see what the parents have to do?Talk to the 6th.This.
text:And then the student's whole study summary is finished, and then the advice that should be given, including the advice that should be dealt with, and then I'm saying, if there's nothing else, it's almost over today. If you're the student and what you think, do you want to go to class here?I don't think so.I don't have time to follow you, I'm in charge of two campuses, I'm in charge of the Hong Fu project, I'm in charge of two campuses at Shanghai Market, I'm Wang, I'm busy, I probably don't have time to teach, but I'm sure our social teacher is better than I am.I don't think so.Because you see I have excellent knowledge of all subjects in general, but my energy is still scattered when it comes to teaching.Talker 5.His lectures are all.
text:What do you think of every lesson you teach in a simple subject? Do you want to come or don't you?I don't think so.What do you think you want to do? But I told you it'd be hard to come.	labels:Didn't go.
text:Since then, there has been a lot of discomfort, especially at the beginning of the session, because many of the demands are for you to do, and we have a curriculum for each class. This is a case in which students are taught. Each teacher sets the title of the course, the objectives of the course, the points of difficulty in the teaching and the examination of the mouth. The details of each course are then listed and counted in writing. You can sign it there, and the work is clearly written to you.I don't think so.And I'm asking you to go straight over. The last time I spoke, the next class teacher asked questions, first time I couldn't say a warning, second time I couldn't tell you, third time I couldn't say it, and then I couldn't say it. You said you wanted to go down, and then you said you wanted to work, and we didn't ask so much.	labels:Uh, not high.
text:If you're tall or not, then you go back and look. Next time you'll tell the teacher what you need to know when you're on the subject, you'll have to understand what you need to know. When you get here, you'll have to do what you need to do. The memory job is done. You don't need to think about what you're going to do.I don't think so.If you want to come.Talk to the 6th.This.
text:So, if the student's curriculum is planned, first of all, we suggest that we start with a subject in English, first with the physico-chemicals, first with his math, then we'll say something about ourselves, then we'll say something about ourselves, then you can think about the problems you have, the data problems you have, or some of the previous knowledge reserves, the first time you've come to listen to what's good, and then I'll come back with one lesson, and I'll look at what's good to hear, and then I'll see what's not good at the back, and I'll teach you a way, and I'll say a word in English.I don't think so.Well, it's been a long time since you read the word three times in English, spell it, spell it, speak Chinese three times in a row.I don't think so.Three times, Choose ch oose, Choose Choose Choose choose. Three times down, seven letters below, three to five times down. On average, one word takes one minute, 20 words a day, and 20 minutes of consolidation.I don't think so.Mathematics, if you want to hear the next mid-term test, if you want to hear the last one and then the wrong one, if you want the import/export function to come in, it's easy, you set it yourself the first time, you don't have to do it the second time, the summary of the function or the primary function, that's two.	labels:That one is.
text:That's you choosing a specific subject, and you can prepare something that you can't solve by yourself.I don't think so.The counting function is better written, and the logarithmic function sucks.Talker 5.The monthly exam.
text:The monthly exam is a collection of major examinations, and in fact the first chapter is a smaller one, but he's a reserve, so you can listen to whatever you want, okay? The teacher wants me to move forward to determine the logarithmic function, and the logarithmic function is just finished.	labels:It's not over yet. Yeah.
text:I haven't learned anything yet, I haven't learned a lesson, I've finished writing my opponent's functions before the holidays.	labels:You can write this piece, okay.
text:And did the teacher ask for a male teacher or a female teacher? No. Age requires it? Mathematics teachers are usually the best grades at the age of 35. You don't ask for it.	labels:I think I can understand you better than I can understand you.
text:The perfect teacher is a more careful and patient teacher, both in mathematics and English.I don't think so.Okay, no problem. Your parents will pay the fee first.I don't think so.Then, as we used to say when we were kids, high school students, except three years and two hours and one hour and one hour and one hour and two hours, and then a small sum of 300 dollars, are scheduled for today, try to teach as much as possible, and if the student doesn't have to come tomorrow, you come over and talk about our overall programme in the back, I'll show you a plan, and you'll let the student study in the back, and you'll feel like you need to think about it, and you'll think about it. The student's words are based on the student's situation, and he's listening well, and he's going to sit down and put it down, and he's not going to say anything back when he's not listening.I don't think so.Because it is true that the student needs and needs to give me some input to see him, and for the time being, he is in a much more satisfactory position than we were earlier.	labels:Because.
text:As you said, he's in a position to change his mind. Okay, I'll let the finance pay you.Talker 5.One or two sections.
text:Two hours at a time, two hours at a time.I don't think so.The logarithmic function is a function that can be analysed if it is more advanced with the rest of the text.Talker 5.You said you wanted to try a lesson first.
text:Listen to the lesson first, then listen well, and we'll talk about the whole plan later, because then you come to the office, because there's nothing behind the plan, and I didn't write it, and I didn't write the whole programme and the teaching plan, and I wanted to let the students try it first.Talker 5.That's the time.
text:We'll schedule today, we'll schedule tomorrow morning as much as we can, because we can't schedule until tomorrow morning.Talker 5.It's just one week this time and he'll be back tomorrow.
text:Half a day off on Sunday afternoons at the same school as his third year.I don't think so.See you back there.Talker 5.Nothing.
text:Does it take time to be sure? Can't be sure. Are we sure about class hours? When are we sure about classes?	labels:This afternoon or tomorrow morning.
text:That's tomorrow morning, tomorrow afternoon, tomorrow afternoon. It's all right.	labels:Go back tomorrow afternoon.Talker 5.What time is it?
text:Go draw this afternoon. Come to class tomorrow morning, come to class next week. The math section, including English, will do it for you. You can just hire people. What do you think? Next week, you'll have to wait for the next week, like the 9th, the 6th, the 7th, the 6th, the 8th and the 8th.I don't think so.Good students tell themselves what they think. Are you an important painter or an important student? You feel it on your own.Talker 5.It's two days a week, actually one and a half, and it's two hours a day and a half we've coordinated. One has to say one morning or one afternoon when he's just about to do his homework, and the rest of the time is equal.
text:Half a day? Half a day's enough.Talker 5.Half a day.
text:That's enough for just two hours. That's okay. When I told them they were here, a special class teacher went to coordinate the time, there was a temporary change, and we told the teacher that he was going to coordinate. That's not a problem.I don't think so.Now that I'm saying that I'm going to try first, that I'm going to learn better, that we're going to give students hope, that we're not going to complain, that we're going to teach them bacon, that we're going to work for 10 years, that we're not going to do it, that's not going to work, because I'm going to tell them that my teacher is useless, that the students are going to listen to his stutter, that the bear can understand, that the school can't understand, but that he can understand his problems.I don't think so.I've got a student down there, so let's get this done today, or you can go back and think about thinking about thinking about two things, one that's bad for learning, one that's bad for money, one that's not worth it, or whether he can teach him on the basis of a student? Is it worth it?Talker 5.If he does it, it's like a week or a morning or an afternoon, right?
text:For the time being, when he first comes, let's start off with mathematics, mainly by giving him a month's notice, and when English comes in, we're going to give him English lessons, depending on his English-language memory, and if we don't finish, we're going to teach him English, we're not going to teach him English, we're going to teach him English, we're going to do it in a month, we're going to get him a month, we're going to get him a month, we're going to get him two months' worth, we're going to get him two months' worth, we're going to finish a portion of the English list, we're going to give him an English class, and if it's not done, we're going to give him an English class.I don't think so.That's the situation.Talker 5.Let's just say it's actually a flexible arrangement for the moment, huh?
text:For the time being, we'll arrange math classes, then English classes will be closed, when music classes will be scheduled, and then we'll be informed about the evenings, and then we'll ask if it's better. Of course, if we listen, we'll sign the next time we do this, and we'll have a special teacher in charge of this, and we'll give his parents a statistics every week, including how parents are supposed to work with us, and it's important now that I try to get the students to listen to the lessons.Talker 5.Well, let's keep thinking about it, that's just the beginning of us now.
text:You pay the fee first, you take the first class first, you go on when you're ready, and if it's not easy to do so, please be smart.I don't think so.I'm more direct, aren't I?Talker 5.That means if we do it for a long time.
text:We're directly under contract, we're under contract with the students, we have a tutorial agreement, we'll sign it, we'll arrange it, we'll arrange it, we'll sign it, we'll do it, we'll do it, we'll do it, we'll do it, we'll do it, we'll do it at any time, we'll do it.I don't think so.So when we give him stability, we also need to talk to his acquisition teacher about the back-of-the-learning program, which is fine.I don't think so.All right, well, I'm in a hurry, and the parents see it from Yema, and that's a friend's recommendation, so why don't I let the finance come and take your first fee first, and we'll schedule it later? Excuse me, will the students go back and take a look at the concept of the function? Take a look at some of the concepts outlined in the function, and don't let the teacher take you back, okay?Talker 5.You're saying you're going to have to pay fees for a long time.
text:What's the standard? I'll sign the plan for you, and we'll talk about the back, right Liu? Let's look at the notes. Okay, let's pay the bills, swipe the cards, pay the cash, and then I'll have the students below me. I'm really sorry, I'll take charge of them. I'll just say it. You can call Principal Wang, you can call Miss Wang, I'm the head of the group, and I'll follow up and arrange it.I don't think so.You can't learn anything from me.Talker 5.This one-on-one is actually like a tutorial, isn't it?
text:Schoolteachers? We're not going to go to the house, we're going to teach each other a little bit, we're going to leave after we've finished talking, we're going to have a lot of class teachers specializing in the class director, so we're going to have a lot of assurance that we're going to call the Bacon-Hung Lake personal improvement experts.I don't think so.As I said earlier, the goal of our teaching is to empower students to learn and manage themselves, and the first class and the first grade students to draw in the afternoon if they are 300, then to free up their time tomorrow morning, to call you at 8:00-10:00 to 11:00 to 11:00 to 12:00 to pick up the time, which is more appropriate.	labels:1900-1100.
text:9-11 a.m., I'll talk to you for a while, then try to get the ocean to sleep or something. That's my personal contact, and then call me, including when we come back, when we talk about the plan, you'd better call me Wu.I don't think so.This is your contact. Is there anything else? I'm afraid to make a phone call if I can't reach you.Talker 5.Right.
text:You can call me if you want, right?Talker 5.Right.
text:All right, then I'll schedule class later, and in the afternoon I'll let you know when we're going to go to class tomorrow. Okay. We'll stay on the phone, write a call on the parent's note and find it. Write me on the phone. What's the change in the capsule?	labels:Understood.
text:Leave the copy to them.	labels:I'll go right over there.
text:It doesn't have to be that heavy, and it doesn't have to be that heavy. If a two-hour lesson is not that way, the second one is gone.I don't think so.Did it stop, too?I don't think so.I'll either change your teacher, or we'll give you how much, and you'll have the right to cook, and you'll have it all in it. It's your choice. You can't teach you. You like it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it. That means you choose, but you can't do anything, you can't do it. You say I don't like this teacher, and I don't understand.Talk to the 6th.Not bad.
text:I feel like I'm pretty bad.
text:All right.Talk to the 6th.You need to sign it.Talk to the 8th.This is in our house and this is our teacher Lee's. He's in charge of teaching.Talk to the 6th.That's our teaching phone, okay.
text:All right, then we'll do it today.Talk to the 6th.Off-duty.
text:Make arrangements to draw, put the concept behind you at night, come to class tomorrow, I'll ask you what you can't say and get beat up.Talk to the 6th.Let's go tomorrow.
text:I'll call you when we have class scheduled for this afternoon, okay?I don't think so.All right.Talk to the 6th.Okay.
text:If he listens well next week, he hears well tomorrow. When he gets back, you can give me a date next week. Let's sit down and talk about learning later, okay?Talk to the 6th.Go on.
text:Ms. Han is here, not Mr. Liu, and his children are next door. Okay, we'll send them first. Thank you. It's good.Talk to the 6th.Have a nice day.
text:You're not taking a break.
text:There will also be a full afternoon because you will be seated on the sixth week of today.I don't think so.Hello, this is what you said about the second battalion.I don't think so.Last time I was with him.Talker 9.Come to me alone, you should come.
text:I'll come alone.Talker 9.You probably said you had to.Talk to the 8th.Yes.
text:Did you get this?Talk to the 8th.Nothing.Talker 9.Rolls.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:One comes, and this is the boss, and that's the dick, and that's the little one. How old are you? 7 years old. I thought you were 4 years old.	labels:Is it the book of Li Shuning's fire? Nie's name is Shu, who's the one who prefers to live?
text:What grade is it?I don't think so.What's the first monthly math test?	labels:Okay.
text:About how much.
text:What was the last final?	labels:He needs to be sure he wants to see us. That's you, isn't it? Which school?
text:The second experimental high school in the summer.I don't think so.They don't have a monthly exam. They're usually on the 8th and then they're going to have a monthly exam. How much did you do without the finals? It's the first part.
text:70 and 80 120.
text:70 and 80 in English, you tell your mother to write yours, you write it, and I'll watch you flip your phone in October. 72,72.	labels:In January, the deduction was 87,87, and in June it was 81,81.
text:Did they start this physics class at school?	labels:There was no force left open, there was no mistake in the first place.
text:The first was not yet open, because the second was first, so I asked, first of all, that, in mathematics, it consisted mainly of a letter, once a dollar, once an equation and a binary equation, which was the main part of the second grade.I don't think so.Now they learn the symmetry of the axis, they learn the triangle, they learn the trigonometry.	labels:Now you're learning the numbers, aren't you?
text:The examination is preceded by a symmetry or a triangle.
text:I thought you said you didn't.	labels:That's not the first two.
text:The midterms are 8th and 7th and 8th. All right, English-language primary schools include 87 points in the first studies, indicating that the distribution of the averages is still good, but the main thing is to ask the students after some details have not been done. The language examinations are 81 points. The language examinations are usually two, one in the literature and the other in the modern language.I don't think so.I'll take a quick look at the student. What does the girl want? Lee Sook-jae.
text:Lee Sook-jae.
text:Books or books? Clean, clean, summer sleeps. Three points clean, and I thought it was clean, first year of junior high school. And this is also the second experimental high school, with one school for both of them.I don't think so.Have you ever taken any exams at the first grade, and then at every school?	labels:Participated.
text:That means he's got a voice test, mostly an exam number, a new concept and a essay.	labels:He's in, isn't he? He's in the accident.
text:There's something wrong with the exam.	labels:And what do you think of the minibus? A month, it's all a month today, right? School students smoke it today? English.
text:He took English only in both schools, he didn't take that experiment, he didn't even know what to say.	labels:There are 10,000 and 20,000 places where live broadcasts are better than out.
text:What's wrong?
text:In the case of these students, you've been studying for the first year of your first grade for months, and Shu Jie for months. You're not taking the exam for months. You'll have to wait for the three students to talk about it. These three girls are also a girl. They've been in my family for seven months. Miss Yang is more worried.I don't think so.I've never been to our school before, and then maybe not.	labels:I had to learn when I got here. I put it on him somewhere else. That's what's in the bag.
text:We have two options: we have a class of five to eight, the highest of which is 58, and a project called “Training Lake Hung” is a fine one-to-one programme, with one student matching eight positions for teaching aids, and the content of the course is a one-to-one one-to-one approach.I don't think so.So, in contrast to the student’s different circumstances, we come first to do an analysis of the student’s situation, and perhaps parents will teach him and help him better. First of all, the first year of junior high school is a new starting point, and students may have more to perfect, and this is the year from the second grade, and because they are now in the second year of their new senior year, the physics book is a new one, and it is more difficult to come up from the beginning.I don't think so.I don't know how the students get in touch with them, but the first impression of the two girls is that the boys don't know what I'm talking about, so it's probably not that difficult to learn physics, and the point is that we're a continuous one, and the math performance at the end of the school year is less good, because the first grade of lower secondary school is more closely related to the first grade, so many things are in contact with the first grade, and all of the first year of primary school you've started with is that you've never been in primary school.	labels:By the way, since they were in technical private schools at the time of primary school, they may be, so they own the family, so I feel like I sent them at first, and he has studied with him very rarely, asking them about their studies, and since the beginning of the primary school, both students have been in a hurry.
text:Work is fast now, too.	labels:Your studio's busy, doing your own business.
text:They come home early and late, and maybe they learn a little bit.
text:It's the end of the Internet, it's the previous one.
text:You write as you like, and then you feel like you don't write empty, write fast, write ticks, or fork, and that's what you don't get.	labels:I'll take one without writing first. I'll turn you around a little faster over there.
text:It's okay if you're sitting here for your roasted duck soup. The roasted duck soup students probably have less to do with it, and they're all going to go to the girls themselves and go to work.	labels:Anyway, I feel like I'm having a bad time knowing the exam results, and I'm going to have a bad time out there.
text:The point is that there is now a difference between primary school and lower secondary school, and that primary school teachers are relatively more responsible because they have a nanny or a mother's style of management, and he is in a better position to take care of them, while girls are less likely to have so many other things, and he is generally more successful at the primary level.I don't think so.The same is true for lower secondary schools, but is it now in the second experimental secondary school? You go home without having to go to school.I don't think so.At the junior secondary level, teacher management may not be as strict as it was at present, or he may say that he has done so many, because of the high learning pressure in junior secondary schools, where teachers may care only for the top 20 per cent or the top 30 per cent of such students, that is to say, if there is hope to reach the top 20 per cent or 30 per cent of secondary school students, and if there is a subsequent teacher's request, don't be unattractive, mainly because there are no security problems at school and no other requirements, since he is unable to attend classes for other students, and since there is more content at the secondary level, students are the most vulnerable to being ignored by the teacher.	labels:Can't just do it on the hill in the morning.
text:If he was more naughty at school, the teacher might care more about him as well, and the two girls apparently spoke a more secure content, not a sitting-in, so it must be a preliminary judgement in school that would be easier to ignore.I don't think so.In other words, one or a half months after graduation, the teacher may not recognize his name, the teacher may not recognize his name, and the teacher may not recognize his name, and he may not be able to go forward with any guidance or external powers. I don't know how much I can tell them, but, for most students, this type of extracurricular education, which is carried out in the form of tutorials, is not particularly effective and meaningful for most students.I don't think so.So now we've got five or so people, five or eight or so, and we've been raised as an elite, and there's usually a bottom score, but it may be that if the base is a bit weak, it won't be easy to understand when it comes. Now you're talking about two of my own ideas about girls' education, and I don't think it's necessary for a girl to learn that much. The key is that he has a more correct vision of life and values. He can do anything about it. After all, the girl has to take on more family responsibilities, just like her own career, and she may be too busy to manage the student who lost her family, including taking care of his life.I don't think so.I don't know if I'm right, well, I'm thinking about it personally, because, after all, there's a division of labour, and I'm probably a little superficial myself, and I think it's men who do the work, men who do the work, girls who have a more stable job, who have more time off to take care of a good family, and I feel like it's one of the roles that, as a woman, is more appropriate in the division of labour, and I don't know if you approve it.I don't think so.Anyway, I feel like you're a very strong person, and I'm guessing you're in charge.	labels:Not exactly. I think General Wang is right.
text:That's what I think, but, in that case, we may be able to work out a division of labour, and if you leave something like that in the capital and invest more in the education of students, you may regret it at the current or later stages of study, or it may be less.I don't think so.Like you just said, he doesn't have much to do with him. If he finds out he's having problems, he'll find a tutor.I don't think so.And what I suggest is that parents take five minutes a day to focus on their students' studies, you may not understand, you don't talk to him, you ask them how they remember the words. Okay, you take a few words. Let me see if we're putting them on a list of words. He's sure to see if he's right or not. He's sure to know if he's right or not.I don't think so.In fact, the problems of learning now include not being ideal, mostly because of the lack of attention, the feeling that he has learned well, that he has no one to help him, that he has no one to share his happiness with him, that he has no one to help him directly, and that he has lost confidence in his parents if he has not learned well, so that the larger the student, the smaller the family, the harder he is, and he doesn't tell you, this is the result of learning.I don't think so.They didn't write it before the students. I told you what I thought. Yeah.	labels:Among them, I do feel that this is indeed the case.
text:So for a student's current situation, whether a simple monthly or a simple final or a midterm examination, for a student, he is just a comma in the end of his life, or if it only proves a stage of learning.I don't think so.The point is to say that we are going to build up a student's demands and constraints through this examination, to what extent he wants to reach, to what extent he should be, to what extent he is going to face difficulties and solve problems, to whom he trusts most? Where he gets help, it should come from his learning process.I don't think so.So this is my idea, because it's easier for a single person to raise his scores, because it's easier for us to talk to him, because the students don't know how to prepare for the exam, because middle school can look for tutorial classes, high school can look for tutorial classes, and when he comes to work in society, it's hard for him to do his job. Think about the work environment, whether it's an industry, whether it's an administrative unit, whether it's a private company, or a foreign company, and all the units are not satisfied with the level of competition. First, you need to show your abilities, and then you need to get resources and help, and if the student doesn't have that quality, it's hard for him to go to work in this society as if you don't know how much money you've spent on doing business and how much money you've spent on it.I don't think so.If I am very good to a student, if he already has this at the learning stage, he may be able to take less turns in the back, and it is the parent's most likely expectation that the student will be less, so he will eat less.I don't think so.We need to exercise his consciousness in the process, and if there are difficulties, learning difficulties now or a setback in the final exam, then the whole of our confidence will be lost, and there will be more setbacks in life than in the school, because this setback is something that can be done for him, and he can even give up his studies, and if you can give him a life, you can feed him and even say that a girl's family can find a mother's home.I don't think so.But the problems encountered in life are the same, so speaking of our teaching philosophy is about the achievement of responsibility, the hope that our responsibility will succeed the student, and the hope that you will be able to truly match the word " teacher" in the course of teaching. For teachers are not only teaching him knowledge, but also teaching him missionary education, his values of life, his aims and values, his ambitions and the confusion he encounters in his learning and life.I don't think so.In fact, parents are the first teachers of the students, and we want to be his second teacher, which is the purpose of our education and the idea of education. That is to say, we need to reach a consensus that if the parents simply want to improve their grades, there is no need to bring them back, and we want to be able to work with the parents to do more to help him build his own learning plans and manage his learning programmes, which is the level we need to achieve.I don't think so.This situation of two students in the second phase this year is likely to be slightly lower than the first 40 per cent or the second half of the second experimental secondary school.I don't think so.In a situation like this, although our parents may not have considered it that long, he is now more than 15,000 in all of Luoyang, with about 7,000 to 8,000 in the first grade, or 50 per cent.I don't think so.And if he were to go to high school, he might have gone a little further across the province, whereas the first 25 per cent were undergraduates, the first 50 per cent were specialists, and over 50 per cent were specialists, and he would have to refuel, and if he wanted to go, the first 50 per cent would have to go to undergraduate, and the middle 12-15 per cent would have gone to the third class. At that point, the two students would have gone to undergraduate level III, 50,000 dollars a year, 500 dollars a year, and if they had all gone to the second class, the cost would have to be 11,000, 12,000 dollars a year, whereas the cost of the second class and the first batch would have been 3600, and he would have been 60 per cent lower.I don't think so.Sending technical school, and then thinking about saving it.I don't think so.Now we don't know what they're going to do with the basic school fees.	labels:I didn't go to the bathroom now.
text:It's your girl.	labels:More than 110,000 people have opened an international school in the new zone this year.
text:In our education industry, international classes are the worst in all schools. Why? Because he's a foreign student. Is your girl going abroad?	labels:He's capable, we're sure.
text:As to why there are a few ways out of the country now, it is not too necessary for you to take these Tofu examinations like Yas to do so at this time, either with a full reward, which is usually a direct invitation from abroad after the end of the science, or with self-funding, in which case the student's degree is not taken into account, because there is a relatively high degree of compatibility with our educational system, with the exception of the Sioux system, such as Belarus, Russia and others.I don't think so.Some in the western part of Europe, like our countries, the United States, Canada, Australia, the United Kingdom, Germany, have a system of studying abroad that is different from that of the educational model, which, if it is direct, can then be considered for sending in high school or at first instance. Yes, because Canada and Australia are now more suitable for studying, because it includes a slightly better environment, including his likely migratory orientation after graduation, while some German Europeans are more costly and organized.I don't think so.Like Canada, the United States and Australia, where Britain and Germany are the most expensive in Europe for almost 200,000 to 250,000 years, the most expensive in these two countries is about 40 to 4.5 million yuan in school fees.	labels:Tuition this piece.
text:So it's estimated that the student's ability to see reality is over the years, and this girl has more than 10 years to wait, at least until she graduate from college, and then, if she has better grades, foreign schools will issue such an independent invitation, not only without your money, but also to give us money to think about how old she is.	labels:Didn't you just take a picture at the office last time?I don't think so.Birthdays are sunny.
text:I go dancing once, and I do dance? I do, because kids play Latin, and I live in experimental elementary school, and there's a dance that's done every day like him, and I draw eyes, and I go dancing there with little shoes, and I think he's going, and it's a little big money.I don't think so.It's a little too small. Take it back and start living in primary school.	labels:Kindergartens have full day care and kindergartens have full day care.
text:It still feels like kindergarten costs more than college.	labels:Almost.
text:Kindergartens cost more than college students, especially when you charge about 10,000 dollars for your tuition across the country.I don't think so.All these three girls came out, and now they're raising their own children, and my friends are giving birth to boys, giving birth to a girl from my family, envied. I told you not to stand up and talk. He said it was stupid. We're all building banks.	labels:I can't. It's over. In y's case.
text:It's good up there.
text:It'll look good when you're done. Come on, girl. This little girl's picture.	labels:I'll turn you around without the pictures.
text:Let me take a look.	labels:And then it's daytime now, and it's in O'Hare.
text:Ain't ABC playing at ABC.
text:You're not writing?
text:No writing, I can't fix it. They say they're smaller.
text:Then.
text:It's all unrepaired. The rest is seven pounds and 51 centimeters.	labels:It's big, it's tall, it's over 40 centimetres now.
text:He's 51 and says your kid's holding the nurse, right?	labels:It looks more like a parent.
text:It's not like this little girl is so tall, it's not a good thing to marry a wife. You look like a little boy. Who says "you" or "you" or "you" or "you" or "you" or "you" or "you" or "you" or "you" or "you" or "you" or "you" or "you" or "you" or "you" or "you" or "you" or "you" or "you" or "you" or something?" or "you" or "you" or "you" or "you" or "you" or "you" or "you" or "you" or "you" or "you" or "you" or "you" or "you"?I don't think so.I'm sure you're close to the Shanghai market in what number of places your family lives in.	labels:If it's in the new zone.
text:Lives a little closer to the Shanghai market.	labels:It's easy to come, anyway. You can go there.
text:Because there's a campus in Shanghai market, and then it's up to you, and if you're in class, it's all glass-separated, it's a small place, we're in a classroom, we're in a classroom, we're in a classroom, we're in a classroom, we're in a room, we're in a room, we're a student, we're in a room, we're in a room, we're in a room, we're in a room, we're in a room, we're in a room, we're in a room, we're in a room, we're in a room, we're in a room, we're in a room, we're in a room, we're in a room, we're in a room, we're in a room, we're in a room, we're in a room, we're in a room, we're in a room, I're in a room, I'm in a room, I'll tell you don't tell you, and you't let him go, and then let him in a middle, or the student, because it's for us's we's are not your parents, and we're real students, and we're going to ask you.I don't think so.Because we're here to ask our teacher to be our own teacher, who needs to call his parents every week to talk about the students' classes and the performance of the work this week.I don't think so.Parents are busy, they don't always travel, you rob students, even if it takes you two minutes and three minutes. You need to know how good he is, he needs to change, he needs to solve problems, and you need to work with us. After all, students are your closest to him, and we are just teachers, but parents can't say that they did it when they were little, and they just don't do it.I don't think so.There is still a need for the new district to open repeatedly a school complex, which is a little closer to the new one at the Kanlin.	labels:Follow the connection.
text:It wasn't so long before I came to school. I just transferred it.
text:But it's not for us. It's not for the Hung Lake project.	labels:Allocating it to Loyang for six hours.
text:My new district should be opened. Now I went to the concert the last time I went to see it, I threw the concert, and I couldn't wait any longer.	labels:And then look at that one, looking at the occupancy rate in the new neighborhood, if it's still good, it's almost 40%, I see the lights on upstairs, and so many 40% of the districts can reach 70%.
text:I think it's actually good, especially now that they're trying to squeeze the two out of a new spot and move the whole way up to the new neighborhood, and the parents on the corner are either strong enough to buy a house there or you're staying.	labels:So when you're tall, you're either renting a house at the door.
text:However, Luoyang's development over the past two years has been quite rapid, and what was in Hekoda's new campus?
text:Nothing.	labels:The mountains don't even grow trees.
text:It's a beautiful house now. When you write this picture, let the teacher see how beautiful you are.	labels:Okay?
text:Can't you put a picture of your little sister? She's pretty.	labels:Eat fat words.
text:When you were a kid, you couldn't let it go? You didn't know you'd never seen an hour's picture? No.
text:Then this.
text:The hair was finally tied.	labels:He won't let me. I just gave him something to do.
text:He didn't want to, I thought he was bystander.I don't think so.They are too many mistakes at three ages and should not be particularly active in the home.	labels:Mm-hmm.
text:By a little bit, we're five or six years old, and they're supposed to be big and then together, and then they don't play little.	labels:He's two big brothers, two big ones, sometimes.
text:There's no sense of achievement, but I'm a single child with my wife, and it's clear that the only child does grow, and they both give in, and the sister doesn't have a heart.	labels:That's it.
text:I've written your name. Give me your pen. Don't worry.
text:There's an unknown number of times, and our equation is called a dollar-for-one equation.
text:Have you learned the master's watch now? It's not the same logic.
text:We're dancing in the ancient language, and I'm just going to say it before I say it in the first verse.I don't think so.That's what Irene said about the European name and the smartness of the building.
text:You all don't have singles.
text:Dov is three places to look at the moon spring and the moon spring spring.
text:Quizuki-chun. Quizuki-muh-hm.
text:After a period of menstruation, thousands of miles of work are lost. The public security insurance company Yuenzheng-gee and Shizuku-Yi-Yi-Yun-Yung-yung-yung-yung-yung-yung-yung-yung.
text:Where's the joke on the red earth to the south?
text:Where is it? It's good to drive the kind of young talk that rarely sees the grass, and it's easy to speed up the signings or the 4-booking car in the daytime.
text:If you're in front of me, I'll translate it.
text:Damn pig, weed.	labels:Biological dead pigs.
text:It's a fucking pig.I don't think so.It should be said that teachers should focus primarily on bamboo, which refers to musical instruments, which are used by their representatives for singing and dancing.
text:Si-ma.
text:Well, the string is about thinking, the pipe is about bamboo, which the teacher would like to highlight in an ancient translation. Is there no translator? Does it mean anything about the text? Let you carry him.
text:We're not done yet.
text:You didn't tell me that the teacher said the same thing as Mr. Wang? Chun Wang said it. What did Chilu mean? Who wrote it like Chilu?
text:I didn't even get it.
text:The teacher didn't tell me about the papers. Didn't the card tell you about the papers?
text:We just wrote it.
text:I don't know. English is also a normal exercise, because there are more problems with mathematics, for example, the ability to calculate the equation without profit distribution, and then to make mistakes on campus, mainly the binary one-size-fits-all equations, because there are several methods of digestion.I don't think so.Yes.
text:Increase or decrease of the same item.
text:Add what you need. Who's going to do it? It's going to take away.
text:Right.
text:If first multiplyed, then added points, are we going to multiply, add, add, or add, and multiply?
text:Now you're going to regroup and then you're going back.
text:The equation could be 1 x 2 x 2 minus 2 or would you copy all the items? No writing, no writing, no writing, you write me a step. The usual requirement is to write it first, then to write it later, without writing it, just to take a month off. I don't know how to write it.
text:9x+7y=18.
text:That's how it's solved. What's the point of seven, eight, four, 18? What's the point of not counting? What's the point of writing? How is he going to solve this? You're going to remove a circle, you're going to remove an unknown number, you're going to remove an unknown number.I don't think so.Look at the profile. Did the teacher tell you that the equation is first a marker one or two? Then the first one is two, the second one is a three-y floor 40,000, which should be multiplied by a four-by-two x three. Okay, 24-88 x plus 12y minus 37,20121 x minus 44,341.12 million, 4,48-36 x 3, 33 for 936-18 108.
text:Is that supposed to be true?
text:Then campus negative 13x.
text:It's the same as the negative 60s.
text:x equals 60/13. That's what should be done.	labels:That's what your teachers think.
text:You're not doing anything like that.
text:You don't thank us. We don't thank you.
text:It's important that they're you, and then they're doing a single dollar function, and the second function is applied together, and then there's something that's missing in the front, and then we're looking for a little bit, and we're just trying to solve the problem.I don't think so.Okay? Now that's what I've learned, I just saw you write well, write a formula like that.	labels:Oh, sss, sss, ss, ss, ss, ss, ss, ss, s, s, s, s, s, s, s, s, s, s, s, s, s, s, s, s, s,
text:That's the same thing on the other side, isn't it?
text:All of it.
text:Waiting for a triangle proves it's full-grade triangle. What do you mean, full-scale triangle?
text:What's a triangle?
text:Two fully integrated triangles, full of trigonometry, waiting for the waist triangle.
text:Two-three-two-two-one triangles are symmetrical triangles. What is one of the angles equal to 60 degrees? Equivalent triangles?
text:Is it the concept of a 60-degree bottom corner, a 60-degree equitency triangle, a 60-degree equitency triangle, and a 60-degree equitency triangle?I don't think so.All right.I don't think so.If you say that this is a test, and then you do not have much to do with it, whether it is a full triangle, or proof or an axle symmetry, this part is a geometry test. Once this part is over, you start with a function. One function is the preparation of the final exam. What are you going to do about it, including some confusion about you? English. The main thing is which part of the normal exercise is that there are more errors, the menu is easy to fill in the main understanding, the power dialogue is filled with proper action and the final writing.
text:The contract for miscalculation of the main case.
text:The syntax of writing, and you do not compose syntax.
text:The text is in Chinese.
text:Because there's only one way to read the essay, because your teacher didn't tell you about the system?I don't think so.Did you say that?I don't think so.What do you say about the director of the infection? Secondary school doesn't usually talk about it, high school talks about it, and high school is very vague. The main thing that teachers say is that you write it with your best syntax, your best syntax, and your fashion, whether it's a picture, or something that's made clear to people, is what he's going to say.I don't think so.Of course, the correct word should be used, so normally you don't ask for it at your junior high school level, so don't you get it right before every exam? You'll find out, and then you'll just have to put your back on, write it very well. You'll have a middle school exam, sit on it, or you'll have to rewrite it and the text. That's what you'll do.
text:Not considering you putting it.
text:You can't write only in writing, so you also tighten the time to recite the texts.I don't think so.Single-selection and y-filling are verbs, which are verbs and verbs. Well, reading understands the verb recognition, the accumulation of vocabulary, and the proper form of word filling. But it is also verbs and the state of the past and its completion, and its particular content is more motivated, so we are well aware of the content of each local examination, and you need to know where problems arise in order to be well known.I don't think so.The 82 points should generally be the ones that are wrong, and the singles should be compared to the Reverend Wang.
text:It's just different.
text:Do a few more, you don't hear 120 cents? You have hearing, but it's not wrong. It's nice to hear that simple.
text:Say a few is usually a short one, then you sign a short one, and then you choose.
text:How many do you usually miss? 20 points.
text:Three. Not very good hearing.
text:This sounds like dialogue, usually. The first 15 of the two questions in the middle test are dialogue, the last 5 are dialogue, the choice is a small path, there is more dialogue, and we usually have more time.
text:The second topic of hearing at the end of the first year, four or two subjects in a short article, I speak Chinese for you.
text:There's a lot of people to talk about, so listen to this part more often, and sometimes he can't say anything about you, you know what to learn, because they'll give you a book in the middle school.
text:I'll give you a book for you to listen to, so you'll remember a lot of it as it is.
text:Don't worry about it. Just remember the back. The point is that you still have about 25-30 points in the back. So how much do you get for 15 points?I don't think so.Wait a nine and a six.
text:This is usually the case.
text:The majority of students are 9 points.
text:The same goes for the final exam.
text:So Mr. Doo opens the gap, mainly by filling the blanks in the single form, filling the blanks in as many points as possible, and talking about the shares. The gap actually opens up in the part where the market is poor.
text:It's usually a short letter, and then I'll give you a couple of blanks, not a couple of empty ones, which must be 10 empty ones.
text:One word for the back.
text:One of the words is that of a short text, which is basically the back end of the story, and one of the words in a parenthesis, which is the appropriate choice.
text:Where's the language deduction? Is it wrong to write silently?
text:I can't be wrong about silent writing. If I were a translator, I'd be sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
text:The rest of the readings, you don't get 20 points for reading? 25 points for reading.
text:Initial taste.
text:Words are wrong, too. How many points do you usually get in writing? 38 points in 50? That's usually the score. You take about 10 points and 12 points, and most of the 10 points in the back, which means that it's normal for you to get 100 points.
text:I'm not doing well when he says he's accumulated.
text:So I'm going to ask you a question.
text:The question of support certainly lies ahead.
text:The day after tomorrow, if you step up, you have to catch the name first, so the training includes this kind of comment, and then it's easier to score, and it's better to catch it first, and it's better to catch it then the more you understand it. Do you understand? How does physics do? Why does guidance equal? Why does physics feel tired?I don't think so.So, most of the questions in the exam must be in the first one, the first one, the first one, the first one, the first one, and then the amount of time you get to an airborne speed, and then you learn it.
text:When it spreads in the air, it's right over there, 3843.
text:Beijing is empty. Well, it can't spread in a vacuum. There's no record.I don't think so.Well, the sound spreads fast in the water, fast in the air or fast in the ice.
text:Quick spread in solids, in solids.
text:If you ask the answer, what do you want me to do for you? V equals the s, what is the s, what is the s, what's the s, what's the s, what's the s, what's the s, what's the s, what's the v, what's the v, what's the v, what's the v? V is the speed, what's the speed, what's the speed, what's the s, what's T, what is it? Time, what's the unit? S stands for the s, what's the unit?	labels:Time is 2.4 seconds.
text:The minute you mean it, the speed, there's actually an hour of h speed, and of course, we can't learn chapter two, forget chapter one, which is a kilometer per hour and a millimeter per second.I don't think so.The biggest difference between a physical and mathematical question is that mathematics doesn't need to be added to the process. Physics compares units. After writing numbers at the time you first asked for, do you have to put a number at the back?I don't think so.No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.	labels:Win.
text:You let him either way, because he's your sister, and then you're going to let him go. Look what you wrote about natural numbers and natural numbers.
text:Okay? You didn't just learn.
text:What's your first chapter called? I'll tell you.
text:Branch property.
text:I'm sure this isn't a concept in the middle of natural numbers. What's your first lesson?
text:The first lesson is positive and negative.
text:The first lesson is the number, the first is the number, the number, the number, the number. The first is the number. The first is the number, the number.
text:The responsibility letters, including the letters of responsibility, are totally out of the question.
text:Who's gonna fix it?
text:Counting means no.
text:Do you remember algebra? Did you say it? Did you say it? You did not come here today to be criticized, and don't listen to your mother? I was so scared of my dad when I was a kid. When I was sick, my dad said to me that my dad was sick, and my dad would say, first of all, that you were so big, then I couldn't help myself, and then the teacher said I had a stomachache, and my dad said that once I had a stomachache, and then I couldn't stand it.
text:I pulled it in my pants, especially in school.
text:Later on, when I grew up talking to my dad about this, because of the way you treated me, it made me go a lot further. In fact, the parents were concerned and the parents were confused, and there were places where you didn't make a good mistake, and they criticized you, not you.I don't think so.So you're not feeling well from now on, including having problems with your studies, and they're probably starting to scare you a little bit, and I'm criticizing you for saying what you're not doing, but after you think about what you've said before, you're still going to help you, aren't you, Sister Soo, your father or your mother?
text:He didn't have to see it either. Someone said it on the way.
text:Who's worse than him, who's your mother's cousin? Did you get beat up by me? Who beat you last time, your father beat you, your mother beat you, or your sister beat you up? Why do you remember why your mother left? Is it because of learning? Good, but when I come here today, the teacher will help you solve your problems, why don't you get beat up, why don't you get flattered, sister three, then whoever sees and then makes the fastest progress, and who's welcome at home.I don't think so.When it comes to grief, it's pretty rough, I guess. When I was a kid, I was afraid of my dad, and now my dad, and then I went back and hid, and he told me what you were going to do, and I was going to do what you were going to do, and my dad was a tyrant. You're living a lot better here.I don't think so.First of all, it's different from junior high school, and it's better to go home and finish your homework as your teacher asked. Junior high school is better, junior high school is faster, junior high school teachers are faster, they have to talk, they have to read more after. If you don't remember, your sister won't remember. If she comes home today, you'll be beaten, you'll be beaten, you'll be beaten, you'll be a bit better. It's not good to be in the mood to get hit, your sister will be laughing, and your sister will be watching and laughing.I don't think so.But what Mr. Kim told you is that we don't learn to be criticized, so that your mother can trust you and you can take care of the two of you.I don't think so.It's not like primary school, it's okay after it's finished, it's not okay, it's necessary to read it again. Because there's a lot of content in secondary school, you can almost cover all the knowledge points in primary school in two months, and you have to remember a lot of new things to cut into, because they're all in primary school, what's the whole number? What's the whole number? It's either a decimal or an integer, it's not a natural number, it's a natural number, it's an integer, it's a whole number, it's 1234, but it's not a concept, it's a concept, it's a concept, it's a back-to-back, or you're going to school somewhere else, including this school, it's a teacher with a back concept, it's a teacher's not happy, it's a teacher's slow, it's a teacher's learning, it's a slow learning, it's not a lot to learn.I don't think so.Isn't it fun to study? Is it fun to go to school? Is it because you don't have to listen to your mother? There's a lot of classmates at school. What's your first class?
text:Students ' schools.
text:He's got two boys, and he's the boy's teacher. He's a student. He's a student. He's a student. He's a student. I'm a student. I'm a student. I'm a student. I'm a student. I'm not a student.I don't think so.Is there a situation in your class?I don't think so.When you bought me a merger, did I get it? You didn't know the kid in your class, a junior student told me that I was a joke, and then I asked him if he had any, or two, and that's what the kids did, and of course you wanted to get two. Do you know what's good for the first one? That means we're thinking that we're going to be in the middle of the year, we're going to be in the middle of the year, and you're going to be in the top of the class at the end of your final exam.	labels:What's in it for you?
text:Write first.I don't think so.Don't tell me about the price reduction, and your mother cheated on you with your grades.
text:I'll be fine if we don't say what we're talking about.
text:Well, it's not the time, it's the time, it's the time, it's the time, it's the time, it's the time, you make a deal with your mother, so I'm going to take the first test, I'm going to have to spend four hours a day after three days in the vacation, and my sister can't live.I don't think so.If you think about it, you will.
text:There's got to be something like that you want.
text:Or you give me 500 bucks, I'm going to have a birthday with my classmates, I'm going out on my own, I'm coming back before 6 p.m., where I want to go, and you don't ask me to spend 500 bucks.
text:Including where.
text:I don't care if you give it to me, and you don't give a shit about it. Do you think I'll do it with your mother? Will I? I don't think so.I don't think so.Say what you want clothes, what shoes you want, come to the department store, say a pair of Nike shoes you like, or your mother buys them for you, but you've been thinking about them for a long time, and if they're good, tell your mother that I should wear them.
text:A pair of red, red, red, red.
text:Come up a little low, so you can give Sook-ja a chance.I don't think so.Well, assuming your grades aren't so good, you're going to take the company, and you're saying that I should wear these shoes, and I'm going to put them in my new clothes, and your mom's just not feeling well, and she's giving them 20 points more than you.
text:A word was said right away.
text:It's okay if you don't agree with your shoes like your mother. It's not the same as your mother. It's okay if I look at the school. It's okay if you write it. It's good if you don't print it.
text:Don't try.
text:Listen to memorize that wall.I don't think so.What else do you think it is? Or I'll let your mother talk about it or you'll let her learn.I don't think so.It should be remembered that it's quite simple and true, since it's been so long in school, that Mom and Dad are not asking you to get to what degree, they have to take a full course, no, he's just trying to see that you're making progress every day, and he wants to see you move on, not the way you are.I don't think so.When I was showing up with your mother, this man reached a consensus that we couldn't live every day, that we could do the day and finish their work, that we had a chance every day for them to be happy, and that your mother had no difficulty working. Was it hard? Was it hard? When I came home tomorrow, I saw good news about you, I was tired all day, every time I had a parent meeting to criticize, every time I had a parent meeting to hear people's children were praised, one of my classmates was moving faster, some of them took a few rounds of the exam, one of them had a full grade, the only one in the school was full, the job was not educated, and then the other parents were squeezed up, and said that the country students were still with the headmaster, and that was it.I don't think so.You think you're sick, you don't want your mother to take credit for it, or do you say that your mother, with every fraction of her own, doesn't say anything, doesn't run away at an open price, doesn't even dare a teacher to go straight away, or do you want a teacher to bring a face to them? Why do you study? You have a choice. Choose finding should know that you know it's good, who taught you?	labels:You don't know that it's mostly self-financing, that he's learned English in engineering, that he doesn't usually pay for it in English, right?I don't think so.That's why he's a little naughty. He doesn't have to learn.
text:There are plans for the staff.
text:You know that.	labels:Didn't you answer?I don't think so.That means you know nothing.
text:Brand invited his sister and then reached the point where he had the right to choose how to organize his own life, whether he could live his own life, whether he could learn what he had in mind and what he liked, whether he could learn to do it, and if the students could not reach it, they could give it to you and you wouldn't have it.I don't think so.In the future, parents in junior high schools can help you with a score of 18,000, and no one can help you when you go to college. No one has ever heard of paying fees to go to college. University is not better than a student, it's richer than a student's home, and you're willing to pay 18,000, and you're willing to pay 180,000.I don't think so.Who dares to tell your mother $180,000 to go to Qinghua now, he beat you up and sold you to him because he's afraid of late sex, and someone wants $190,000, and nobody gives it to him.I don't think so.What do you like to do? You like to draw modules like computers, you like to do things. You know you like books. Are you reading animations from abroad or from home? The marriage certificate, the Sichuan Pirates still split up, the Japanese three-headed comic books.
text:Just be more famous.
text:It's famous as long as it's famous. The country's more famous comics are as blind as an animated film. King Kong interacts with each other.I don't think so.When I was a child, I was thinking of the Chief of the Golden Galore, and if you're looking at the more famous Chinese films in Japan, and I've just said that three are Japanese, you like to see the animated films, and now you like to make for yourself a picture of our own China more well known, and let your people come to you like the sheep and make it. You take your hobby as your own. I'm just saying, what do you like about it? Do you want to keep your hobby in the future? If you work easy, you have a decent job, and if you work hard every day, you can't keep it as your hobby?I don't think so.Mr. Wang is hard at work, he likes to play football, he hasn't seen what football is for a long time, so learning is about choosing his rights and how to face his life, and learning how to do it well, which requires you to learn to do it in addition to your homework. Just like the concept we're talking about, teachers aren't going to check it before, are they?
text:Say you won't look at the check.
text:But it's just one or two, right? It's not like you write it in English long after it's over. Not if you don't check it, right?I don't think so.Sometimes it's obvious that both of them behave the same way, and if you come home later, if your sister gets a slap less than you do, you're going to have to pick her up. My sister gets a slap less than me. She has to get this back.I don't think so.It's the same thing, but my sister should have had two children, and she's been studying for a year, and she's just in junior high for a joke, and it's all about remembering it, and then she forgets to return it to the teacher.I don't think so.These things will have a one-dollar or two-dollar equation in the middle exam, and they will at least have a one-point or two-way equation, and you'll have a six-point question, you'll forget the process, you'll forget, the girl will first be back and finish her homework, take it out for 10 minutes, then come back and see what you're talking about today, and even say what you're gonna do in the next five minutes, what you're gonna do in the other five minutes, what you're gonna do in the next five minutes and you're gonna look at it in the next two minutes.I don't think so.Just like Mr. Wang used to write his own computer, and then he started to forget about it. He was thinking about his own income when he wrote your names. Your data formula, your English word, you understand?I don't think so.Well, you can talk to me about learning, including if you like to go to a tutorial. I've just told your mother, and I've come here, not to say that your mother thinks you should learn, but even if you take down what you want to do in exchange for what you want to do in exchange for what you want to do in exchange for what I've taught you to do in terms of grades, and how to get lazy, how to spend the least of my time doing more work, and how to do a better job, which is what I'm going to talk about.I don't think so.Do you two think there's anything you don't understand in your study that you can ask me? Do you?
text:The mixed concept of accommodation and accommodation may have been used for a while and then again.
text:Because it's a little stressful when you're doing your homework. Have you ever heard of a math tutoring class before? Have you heard it make sense? Does it help you a lot?
text:It helps, but it's not that big.
text:If two classes are scheduled for two hours at a time, how long these two hours are said, what do you want to hear?
text:As a rule, the previous section is devoted to the knowledge session and then the practice begins.
text:I did my homework. How much did you say the other hour that you thought you didn't understand?
text:Announcements.
text:1/10 is what you think a quarter is 25%, that is, about 15 minutes is what you think you want to hear, and the rest of the time is either understood or not. Is there any more mixed calculations? I've got it. I'm telling you now that you don't understand.
text:And then the axis is symmetrical, and if a is symmetrical, what is the symmetrical point at the outside point?I don't think so.What kind of stuff?
text:You didn't hand over the arcs? You did.	labels:Look.
text:It's a question of doing it again, not knowing that they're drawing help lines, and it's still possible to draw a lot.
text:How the auxiliaries draw uh.
text:Look at the questions, like the conditions of a triangle, they don't try to make a help line within a triangle, and they draw all of them basically with a triangle of known conditions.
text:Do you use the rules? And what time does it make a straight line?I don't think so.Several dots determine between one and the other.
text:Okay.
text:How many do you know about a triangle? Two dots determine a line, three do a model, so if you do the help line, you just have to make three. If one is to distribute two triangles on two sides according to the axis symmetry, you just have to do three do it, find three dots. First, then do the vertical line, and then focus on its symmetry. After the platform's complete, do you think you might have a little more? No, for the time being, not that one.I don't think so.Well, it's very good, isn't it? Isn't it good that you don't eat at home at school?I don't think so.You don't dare to speak out and tell your adult that your sister beats you into a little girl, and you don't have the brain. That's the way you live your life, you talk to your classmates, you talk to Mr. Wang, you don't bully me. That's what I'm trying to make fun of them. Look at him and then you can't beat your mother to death, and I'm joking when Mr. Wang is too scary and you can't talk to Mr. Wang.	labels:No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
text:It's not just the truth.	labels:What do you say? Don't nod your head. Is that okay?I don't think so.You know what?
text:You're not a leader, you're a student leader, you're a good leader, you talk to a teacher, you're angry, you don't want to start a teacher at school, and you don't want to run away, you know you don't understand, you don't talk to you.I don't think so.Well, what does it feel like when you go to junior high school, like a primary school, you tell the teacher.
text:I'll give you a lecture.
text:A lot of guests.I don't think so.You don't have a lot of holes. You don't have your work class. You have your art class, right?
text:It could be less than once a week.
text:That's right. Now there's more geography and more biology, isn't there?I don't think so.Added to his political history was the original idea of trusting him.
text:There were incentives to develop the pattern, and then it could have been six years ago, compared to what he had told the principal, and then there was a seven-show in the village, and then all.
text:You don't have to write. You keep your homework, you have to carry things, you have geography and you're promoted to north by humans, don't you?
text:We used to have a brother and a creature in our past exams, but they're all teacher rolls.
text:Teacher out of roll.I don't think so.The second final exam failed.
text:Can't pass.
text:Of course he says he usually keeps his homework, and he does the exam? It's annoying. Of course, that's what I'm talking about. Why can't you just say that you can't do it like a primary school?
text:You talk faster, you talk more.
text:So we need extra extra extra extra extra lessons to study beyond our homework, which we can't start in junior high school, but not much longer, and you will certainly have more chances of completing all things within one more hour of coming home in the first grade.
text:The likelihood of completion is relatively low.
text:Does the usual teacher in the school self-study class stand for an hour and a half late?
text:Stand here.
text:More. Is it 4 or 5 in the afternoon?I don't think so.You're in second class? Three. You're out of school at 5:00 a.m.
text:Then go home and write for an hour or so.
text:It should be normal for you to have three classes in the afternoon without you, four in the afternoon in the experimental secondary school, and six-50 in the university, to have one less class, one less class, and then to return home for half an hour.I don't think so.Think about what you're doing, what you're doing, what you're doing, what you're doing, what you're doing, what you're doing, what you're not doing, but what you're doing with your back.
text:If the teacher was saying that it would normally be carried out at night, because every morning, because of the teacher ' s arrival, he would then take it back and provoke it.
text:That's all we have to say.I don't think so.You.
text:Now.
text:Stop in class.
text:And then they update you.
text:You haven't been in English for a long time. You were right about the data. Ask me a few simple questions. Can you read the notes?
text:There'll be five reasons.
text:The letter is the five.
text:Five reasons? What?
text:How many units? How many doubles? How many?
text:Okay.
text:You tell me about this unit, I'll count it to you. Okay, say you're a long one, okay.
text:And then a short one. And then.
text:Just say you believe I can write it right.
text:Long-O.
text:A little a little a little.
text:A little bit oldera. Any more?
text:The first sound, the long sound.
text:Then long and short, long and short. Okay.
text:Double dollar.
text:Sound.
text:I don't understand that, though.I don't think so.Open-source is called an opening word with the word aio, u and y ending, and the pronunciation of the pronunciation is that the pronunciation of the aaaiouaoui eiaeou is not a b syllable, which is not the end of the six letters, which is called bsue alu a love, the first love is a DHA, and the second AA eee ooboe, if you don't want to add this?I don't think so.So it's a pronunciation, and first you can read it so you can go, and then rewrite it, because there is confidence in these three subjects of mathematics, language, English, and every one of them is the most confident.I don't think so.It's very difficult for a girl to learn English, and it's very difficult for her to do it, and it's very helpful for her to do it when you speak English or say it and then go out to work. Even if you speak English, you can do it in a verbal way. There's only one degree of English to you, and then it's better to help yourself to remember the difference between the new concepts and the new ones.I don't think so.In the first place, the two girls are in a similar situation, both of which belong to the kind of inertial learning, and in the second place, to study in the same way as in primary school, there may not be a dedicated time, either for re-studying or for such consolidation. In English, the two girls insist, and the parents then impose demands and constraints.I don't think so.The English section must be its own advantage, and at least a higher starting point can be built since high school, but there are plenty of reserves, but it must be clear and clear, and it must be strengthened. How did your language exam go, you should still not do it? I hope that next time you come, if you have the chance to put the paper in front of the teacher, you'll look more straightforward. What's the problem, sick leave is more expensive.I don't think so.Seriously, okay. I don't like math, do you?
text:It's hot in the summer, so it's so boring.
text:That's an external condition. That's an external condition.I don't think so.Then you say it's okay to think or not, and then it's the second problem, and then you don't like it.I don't think so.I don't think it makes any sense to be guided. If I can handle the area, I'm against such an approach, I'm against extracurricular things, you have to take care of your studies, why do you have to ask a teacher to give him an extra break? I've been playing for a week, why can't you do something you want to do? I don't think it's necessary or necessary for me.
text:It was felt that the main reason for buying it was that it was not done properly and that it should be done on its own and that the time for play would be increased.
text:Does a good sister disagree? No.I don't think so.I don't agree with you that it's a problem of the bottom line, which is that you didn't do a punishment and a sexual appeal, and you had extra time to do it. No, it's not that your mother asked me to help you do it, but that you asked me to go to the tutorial to fight you at work, which is what you asked, and not that he imposed on you. Because he didn't want you to go to the tutoring class, he paid for it, he did, and then you didn't get the money, and you didn't get the food, you bought the clothes, he bought the shoes, he couldn't do it, he didn't, he didn't care that you didn't do it, he just said I love you, and you tried to handle your studies better than the tutoring class, you chose the tutoring class, you didn't choose the whole.I don't think so.I'm better than this next time if you don't let me pass. Don't you dare? You can't, but for now.
text:That's not possible. Why?
text:That may not be the case once, but it will be maintained for the next time.I don't think so.And what we're here for is higher, because each class requires a teacher to prepare the course alone, and each time you have a teacher to prepare the course separately, the main part of the course is said, the title is spoken, the objectives of the teaching, the focus of the teaching is difficult, the last job is checked, the course is prepared for you alone, the course is two hours, the course is two hours, the course is two hours, the course is two hours, the hour is two hours, but the two hours should be more than 80 per cent for you and then need to be supplemented, so you need five times before the course, and you need at least to look at the concept and not let the teacher back the concept, let the teacher back the word, then the teacher take you, and then the point of knowledge, it's simple, and all you have is the only requirement, so what do you want to do?I don't think so.Do you understand what I'm saying? Do you understand what I'm saying? I'll ask you again.I don't think so.It's not gonna be the first warning, the second warning to parents, the third time to someone, you'll both be fine, when you can touch it, and you won't play with it, and that's a shame. He won't give it to you. Before you come to the tutoring class, you'll have a chance, you'll have to come, you'll have a chance, you'll have nothing to ask for, you won't have to think about it, even if you don't learn, then if you don't find me, I'll find the reason why I can't cut you down, I think you're in pain, you can't stop, that's not your reason.I don't think so.Mom and Dad have something to do with you, but when they come, they'll be found, and they'll suffer, in exchange for something you didn't do, but the goal is not to stay there, the goal is when you get this done, and we'll never get out of here again.I don't think so.You didn't learn to improve your grades because you went to the tutorial class. You wanted to learn how to solve your problems, you know? We're running out of time. Look what you're thinking. You want to talk to yourself.I don't think so.I teach two things, one is that I'm not ready to go home, and it's not very stressful. Do I have to think about it for a long time? That is, to come or go back and think about what I'm trying to do. It's a good idea. I'll go back and think about what I'm doing. If I do it, I'll do it myself. If I don't, I'll think about it.I don't think so.Whoever counts first has no need to raise his hand and speak directly.	labels:Don't cough, you elephant. Why don't you just say hello to your teacher?
text:Don't light it.	labels:The selection of moms is also supported.
text:You know that, don't you?	labels:You find it yourself.
text:Think about it and tell the teacher.
text:Don't come here like the Doudous. It's not your mother who's forcing you to choose. He wants me to take these two campuses, and I'm in charge. I'll tell the principal that you're lucky today, you sit in the principal's office and you don't talk about it, and then the principal tells you that he won't be able to take it directly.
text:All right, we can't open the door to criticism.
text:It's a good choice now, when I was in school, when the teacher banged on my face, and the bamboo banged on my hand, and wrote it all together, and it's a bad winter, and it's not good to teach the students how to breathe, and it's so stupid that you let the pupils get up, and I say you insult me, and you have to apologize for what's hard to teach, what's ready, and the girl sleeps for another five minutes.
text:Eat.
text:Let's just say that you don't have to think about what else you want to learn, so you can do whatever you want.I don't think so.So, you're thinking that I want to tell your sister that the first lesson you're going to have is a mix of calculations that you're going to make, and then you're going to take a class and you're going to try the way we teach.I don't think so.If that's the case, we'll plan for you in the back, how to get you in the back, how to get you in the back, how to get you in the right place, how to get you in the right place, how to plan in the right place.I don't think so.If you don't listen well, these teachers talk about what you've said before, or about half an hour, and you talk about what you don't want to start when you want to get through to us, and Mr. Wang asks you for a guarantee that you're going to follow your way of learning for the first time. Secondly, you just have to take it one step at a time, one step at a time, and the teacher takes you to a height you don't even think about.I don't think so.In the third class, I suggest that students listen to mathematics, English and language, which can be put to use in the past, that math is more consistent, that he does not understand a single lesson, and that he listens to it in the back.I don't think so.Because the most important content function in the lower secondary level is immediately available. The end of the real number is the end of the function. Is there a choice between an old teacher and a female teacher?
text:Teacher.
text:What's the schedule for tomorrow? Do you have any other lessons?
text:Afternoon.
text:In the morning and in the afternoon, as much as you can.	labels:Not tomorrow morning, today.
text:Ten o'clock.	labels:It's 10:00, and tomorrow afternoon it's 10:30.
text:It's class time, isn't it?
text:At 4 p.m., we'll be there tomorrow at 2 p.m. to 4:30 p.m. to keep up.	labels:From White Trench Road to the First Mansion.
text:Go out of the stables and take a look over there.	labels:By the way, it's 1:30.
text:Then one hour should be left between 3:30.
text:Absolutely all right.
text:We teach here as first-line teachers for three high-level teachers, and we teach here as first-line teachers for at least three years after graduation. In the latter case, you can take a look at the first class, take a good look at it, the students don't use it, take time from the first class, and then I talk to you, and the students' follow-up study programme gives you a full package, because now, like a few, one or two classes may have taught you the point of knowledge. The main adjustment is their way of learning and their ideology, which usually takes one or two cycles to complete the overall adjustment of the students.I don't think so.We are all experts, and if we change, the whole objective is to get him out of the way and to do what he wants to do, and to tell you what he wants to do.I don't think so.As I did with my parents, the first class was as if you had seen a change in the student's subversive learning profile. What might be missing now is a message. You might feel that your confidence is not special, he feels that he's always trying not to be different from his efforts, and he's always trying not to be so much different from his own.I don't think so.Now, all I need to do is take a lesson and let him know that what he does not know can be dealt with very directly, without having to walk so many times, bending the path, and having a hard time trying to do it.	labels:Sometimes I'm trying hard, and he wants to learn, but he doesn't seem to find a good way to do it.
text:It feels like he can't get out of it, but it doesn't work so well, so I'll give him a copy of it, and he feels like he's helping him, and we'll take it one step at a time. What am I supposed to do?I don't think so.It's okay, that's what I promise, because I can promise, because I see a lot of students like him, which is the most valuable part of our work.I don't think so.What do you think? Don't tell me what you want me to say about my sister and what I want to hear. You talk about what you've learned, let the old man take it with you for the rest of your life, or you'll go back and turn it into yourself. Next weekend, you'll tell the teacher about it. I'll give you a set of papers, okay? You'll read it, you'll learn less. If you come, you'll read the lines, you'll start with the language. If you want to, I'll arrange a language for you tomorrow, and I'll run for five years. Do you want to hear it?I don't think so.Do you want to start with math next week, or do you want to start with a language class this week?
text:You're such a, uh...	labels:My idea was that he went straight from selling the tickets to giving you the concept of first, and I told you so, and my mom died every day, and you felt like you said you were carrying that concept, and you didn't go on this time with your mother's mistake.
text:Isn't that right?	labels:Why don't you move? I'm working 100% on the bookstore every time, because it was a percentage.
text:So that's how he tells you if he learns small, and if he comes to class, then we push forward from the whole count, and we start talking about such an increase or decrease in the whole.I don't think so.If any further questions are needed, including that one, they are always examined by asking questions, and then tomorrow, if you want to listen to a song, go back and figure out what two girls have given them today, understand? Not tomorrow afternoon, not tomorrow afternoon, and nothing will happen tomorrow afternoon.I don't think so.All right, so what Li Yuji said is that we set him up for classes, set him up as early as possible in the afternoon, let him go as early as possible, and then make it easy, not to run away from home, but to take the car directly downstairs to the afternoon, and then to the clinic. If we sign at such an hour, the cost for junior high is 120 hours, 100 hours and 120 hours, and then we'll sit down. Of course, I'll let the students hear the first time, because I'll let the students feel it and we'll hear it later.I don't think so.Come on, pay the bill for two hours. You'll have to sign two $240,480. I'll ask the Treasury to collect the bill.	labels:So.
text:What's wrong? Say you're sad and you can't stop. What's going to happen in my office after you come to class? Know what my last name is? Li-Hun, Wang, sell me to Li's family, you're so good, I'm crying, and you're selling me to the new Li's house, let the Treasury come over and show my parents the notes. It's my phone, Wang Ho.I don't think so.I'll give you a short schedule in a few minutes, because the schedule is tight, tomorrow afternoon. Both are maths, then go back to the whole concept, take a look at the concept of rational numbers, and don't let the old one repeat it again. That's the fourth time I've said it today. How's it going to be famous?I don't think so.You want to listen to the teacher, we're not all as tough as Mr. Wang, we're all cute and cute, and you're two students, one called Lee Tree Kit, the other Lee Treening, and the other two, they're the first classes.I don't think so.200 times per person, hand over the phone.
text:You.	labels:I can finally go home. I don't know your name yet.
text:What's your name, Uncle Li? Tell me or I'll send your sister home to beat you up. They both belong to me now.
text:Who cares? Who cares? 1359059205843384533.
text:He's talking about students called Li Shujie, and this is math. Li is Ben 7th grade math.
text:Whole.
text:And then the two-hour cost of a class is 240, and you put two tickets in one case. They're not first graders, they're also called Li Xin, Lee Xin is my sister, they're 8th grade double counting in '84. Does that mean you're writing real numbers?	labels:They used to choose.
text:What's the math about that?	labels:It's a whole operation, right?
text:Do you understand? I just told you about the budget, and I told you about it. If it's a whole thing, it's a little less. If it's quick, tell you what's right in front of you, okay?I don't think so.I'm listening.
text:Just today at the place.	labels:Take it with you for the next few minutes to brush the card.
text:There's another one.
text:You're learning now, and you can bring me something that's more difficult to finish these two days. You can bring them here if you don't know what you're talking about. Let's go talk to you. We all want the girls to feel it.
text:This is not Mr. Lee's number. You can always call if you have any problems.
text:Mr. Lee will call to inform us about our working hours, and I'll hand over our information to me later.	labels:Call me if you need me tomorrow night, and I'll leave you to it.
text:Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mama Yue Xin?	labels:Right.
text:Hi, I'm Mr. King.	labels:Hello.
text:Is it a good time to talk now?	labels:You said I was driving, but you could say it a few times, you said.
text:Because the kid's in a couple of sessions, and he's talking to you about the kid. Okay, because I heard from Lu Woo-sung, he's still very likely to add physics later, right?I don't think so.This means that he currently relies on one of the children's classes, and one of his responses to the question, that the child's section is a physical deficiency or more, because some of his methods are not very good, and that he, including the ease of attending a regular school in his own school, is not in itself comparable to reality, it is not very difficult, and if you join you, it is not particularly obvious that it is not a special advantage for the rain or rain for them at dawn.I don't think so.I'm doing a routine question-and-answer from my kids, and I'm doing a lot of knowledge, including seniors, because we're studying seniors, and they've forgotten a lot of them, and I ask him, and I say this model. As if I've learned, I don't remember.	labels:Mr. Lee, can you call him at home, 57106659, because I'm driving, his father's at home, and his father knows him better.
text:I am.	labels:Now you're driving, and if you call in the morning, I'll have a little chat with you, but I can't get you on the way to 57,106659, and then you can talk to his dad. All right, I'll put your number in.
text:Okay.	labels:5715710665910665659, all right. The cell phone is 13501832287, he's at home. You can call him at home.
text:Okay, it's okay.	labels:My daughter's faults are just the same, but I really can't help him. Sometimes he doesn't do his summer homework, sleeps all day, plays his computer, plays his little computer, I don't know anything.
text:Yeah, and then I asked him how much I said about your summer break last night, and he said it hasn't started yet.	labels:You're right about a week.
text:We've got two weeks to start school together.	labels:Okay, so your daughter's. Clear.
text:Okay, thank you. It's okay. It's okay.	labels:You play well now.
text:Okay, bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Teacher Jung.	labels:I've been calling you, and sometimes today I've had time to call you about him. He took it back to show you the physical time of the exam last week.
text:Nothing, huh?	labels:I'll let him take it back to show you later. How about 79 points is pretty good.
text:Because I'm talking about it, he says the physics exam says how you've been doing recently. He says 49, he says 1000.I don't think so.Well, I know you're making progress, too.	labels:The fact that he was able to make progress from more than 20 minutes indicates that his recent summer vacation has also been restored.
text:Pays to your teacher Jung, too.	labels:That's right, right.
text:You've been very helpful, haven't you?	labels:You said he was recently.
text:It'll be easier to get to your side in a different environment.	labels:Yeah, he just happened to be on the South Bridge better, yeah.
text:Maybe now I'm thinking about Teacher Jung, because he's a poor student, because after all, it's the third year, and there's a chance that some schools will take care of him.	labels:You're not taking it, are you? You haven't talked about it yet, have you?
text:Because here I went to the Department of Education before summer break in the first half of the year, and he said they didn't do it right now, but they had to wait a week before the start of school because he said you were looking at your birth certificate and you felt like you were going somewhere.	labels:So where are you supposed to be with your real-estate papers, and where are you from?
text:We're from Ponan House, and it's possible that Ponan House will go to Hongming Gate. If he's Yu Xiu, he'll buy it this year, and they'll do it this way.	labels:It's nice to be able to say it in red.
text:Hoh can still do that? Yeah, they can still be expected to have to.	labels:Yeah, yeah.
text:They said both schools could still be available.	labels:If I could say it's late, it'd be a lot better if the fuck came in the first day.
text:Dizziness, because at that time the house might not have come down, and there were a few kids who looked at our grades and saw that we were starting a small factory, and we just started doing it, and that's not how much money was invested, and that's why the kid was delayed.	labels:It's not too late, there's still more than 11 years left in the first three years to fix it, and you want him to be able to talk about physics, which I feel should start with the new part because I gave him from the second. What part of the story is that it involves questions that can be more complex in mathematics, and it reacts a little slower.I don't think so.It's probably not good.
text:I feel he's talking about physics, right? You're probably comparing math to two of Shen's teachers, but we're not using English, and he's not going to school.I don't think so.I think he's really interested in your physics class and his math class, and he's willing, and he doesn't have a bunch of him to make up his English, and he's got that thing right away, and he's against psychology.	labels:You figure it out, right.
text:So I think I'm going out to eat separately this week, and I'm taking him out for a week, and he's good enough, because you're gonna have to make up for it, and you're not gonna make up for it, right?	labels:Right.
text:Because if you're in the middle of the exam, there's a lot of red in English. They can read, right?
text:Yeah.
text:So that's what it's all about.	labels:I have time to talk to him about this.
text:You include Sichuan out.	labels:Let's talk to him.
text:This goes on, because he says it's the only thing that goes on for yourself right now, and I'm thinking about him saying that you're so competitive in your society right now, that you can't do anything with your junior high school diploma, you say nothing, yes.I don't think so.You can't go to college until you're at least one of them, right? That's basic, right?I don't think so.That's why the kid has a headache.	labels:I'd think he used to play a lot more games. I think he's been able to hear about him and I don't have a computer.
text:Because I don't know because I've always wanted to be out there because I really care less about him. When his mother paid his phone bill last month, when he left, he spent almost four months last month and spent more than 200 per month on his phone number.	labels:That's too much traffic.
text:Because I didn't give him any traffic when I gave him a set of meals, and he sent it free of charge, and he went straight up to the mobile network.	labels:He's straight on.
text:A network goes directly to this society.
text:Remember the last time for me.	labels:Which parent did I communicate with?
text:It's like a mobile company can shut this down.
text:I've been talking about it since, and they said I told you that when I told you I was supposed to shut him off on his cell phone, and they said, "Well, whatever we are, it's good, you're going to fuck them, and you're going to fuck them for 100 or 200 bucks, and you don't think so much about it," right?	labels:The main thing is that Gu can't be allowed to play with a mobile map all day, so that he can put the signal on the learner, which is true.
text:It would be better if he used it to read.	labels:The money is not the problem, but the key is to be able to use it for learning.
text:I'm telling him some of the friends they're hiring are not good enough for him at any time, and I'm saying one is that if you're in this circle, you're in it if you're in control, right?I don't think so.One's affected differently, don't you think?	labels:Yes, that is true if the inbound and outbound were not the advancers.
text:So I couldn't do it either. He used to study in peace, and all his buddies with him weren't ranked as the last ones.	labels:Let's see if you'll make it better if you let him puncture the South Bridge.
text:So I decided to think about going to Nanchang precisely because he's a learning environment, so because he's born, I'm afraid he's not fit, because there's nothing to be done about education on the south side.	labels:The teacher here is also very strict.
text:I'm afraid he won't be able to keep up with one thing or another, and I'm afraid he's going to have a sense of inferiority, and he's going to have to look at you now, so I'm thinking of something very contradictory myself.	labels:If you don't give.
text:He's in a new environment. The circle's not good either. Yeah.	labels:If the signature was bad, it would be good if he could bring his mind back to school.
text:If you're going to give him a good environment, I'm afraid he's not going to fit in with it. It's hard to be a kid, a boy is a man.
text:Be nice, kid. I'll talk to him about it sometime.
text:You've got a lot of thinking to do, and you've got a lot of work to do.	labels:It's okay. Whatever's wrong with my cell number, you can call me and just say it.
text:Okay, I know. I'll ask you after this kid, okay? He's got a class tomorrow, right?	labels:There's another class for tomorrow.
text:If he had a class tomorrow, he'd probably be on a business trip with me next week, maybe.	labels:I'm here. The class chief told me about it next week.I don't think so.Yes, the teacher told me.
text:The teacher already said that, didn't he?	labels:Yeah, well, let him come to class tomorrow, so he'll be better summed up.
text:Yes, Mr. Cheung, please take care of your teacher.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. Is it Marlon's mom?	labels:Good for you.
text:I'm Mr. Zhang, who's a very well-educated chemistry teacher. Well, you know what, and then tell Mom that we're done with this, and then we're done with chapter III. And then I look at the schedule, and the schedule says that the kid's chemistry class is done twice a week. Then I see that he's got five more chemistry classes left, and then five chemistry classes, and that's basically what we're going to say about chapter III.	labels:What does he mean?I don't think so.I just heard it sound like my kids are saying that there's a few more classes in the class.
text:Now.	labels:There are a few lessons left during the summer.
text:There are five more chemistrys, and I didn't tell the kids that I'm here to talk to you. Hello, can you hear me? I'm here to talk to you. If it's five classes, we can go up to chapter 3 and chapter 4 may not be there.I don't think so.And then the kids say they're doing their summer homework, and they're doing their homework, right? They have homework in their school. Have you ever been concerned about his homework here?	labels:Yeah, he said he didn't have time to do it, which means he's basically doing it on your side.
text:For me, too, when he talked to him sometimes, he told me that the old school teacher had not even done his homework.	labels:She's...
text:Time.	labels:He doesn't really have time, he doesn't really have time, he doesn't really have time, he doesn't have time.
text:'Cause I don't think he's in the class class, either. Is he out there, out there, out there, out there, out there, out there?	labels:There's a class outside that's basically no.
text:There's no such thing. He'll have time to do school homework again. Thank you.	labels:I'm doing it, so I'm saying it's not very efficient.
text:That's because I'm worried about him, which means I can't say because of the work here, and then I quit that school.	labels:That doesn't mean he'll do it. Maybe two more days.
text:We'll get to this after we're late for school, right?	labels:So it's like he's talking to me at noon, talking about plus classes, plus classes like he's saying something he doesn't know, he's not telling me exactly what he's going to teach, and he's saying that maybe something physical was wrong at noon, and he says I didn't take physics classes, and he pulls it out.
text:It was language, and he ran over and asked me, and he said that I didn't have a teacher, that there was no language in textbooks this morning, that there was no language in the language class, and I said that I was not sure, and I said that you should ask Mr. Nam to see what was going on.	labels:So he didn't call me, and he sent me a message, and I didn't hear it very clearly. He said what was wrong and what was wrong, and he said something different from what was on the schedule.
text:There's no teacher's class. If I look at the top at 10:00, if he doesn't come, the male teacher will definitely call you.	labels:Okay, so you should be able to go to chapter 3 after the remaining 55 lessons. Does chapter 4 mean you're free after school? Or what?
text:What do you say?	labels:What am I talking about?
text:Now listen carefully.	labels:I mean, if there's 55 more lessons, if chapter 3 is finished, and chapter 4 is in order to start scheduling another time, right?
text:Yes, if he does, that's all he can do.I don't think so.Yeah, okay.	labels:I was just talking to the kid, like he didn't like it when he tried to add lessons to it. He said he'd have to take some time to do his school homework first. Right.
text:So I've been taking care of his school homework on this side, and I've been calling you to see if you've done it, because I've been listening to him that he hasn't done it, and I've been saying if you don't know what's going on here.	labels:He didn't do it fast enough without him, so I told him once again that I wanted to go through the summer break, that you're welcome on his side, and that the rational application of his reasonable management learning time was still not possible, and I wanted to be able to say, through your learning on your side, that it could be improved, but it still seems that it is not.
text:I think the kid actually sounds like a slogan when he yells, and if he does, he can't control himself, and sometimes I hear him say he's going to play badminton with his mom at night or something. I say you can do proper exercise, but you can do the summer vacations at your summer school like this.	labels:That means I don't have to let him, for example, have a day off, right?I don't think so.But he still seems to have a lot of ideas.
text:He said I'd take a break from the teacher. Look what I've done.	labels:I'll talk to him like that, and I'll talk to the headmaster, and I'll let him talk to him more often. Maybe it'll be better for him to get out. He's kind of a little emotional, I see two.
text:You've had feelings these past two days, haven't you?I don't think so.And I told him last week, just after we finished school that night, that I was going to do a little test with him, and then my advice was that he was going to take it home to do it, and then my advice was that he should do it here.I don't think so.Mom thinks this piece.	labels:What is it? This week? 'Cause the class chief told me about Saturdays and Sundays for two days? Maybe it's a test of five classes.
text:He's coming. He said he'd come, right?	labels:Right.
text:All right, I'll be fine. I'll be fine.	labels:I'll talk to him again anyway, because I think it's better to put it in school.
text:Because I think so too.	labels:Because it's not like he feels the same way about time.
text:Yeah.	labels:Okay, well, this should be better at your school.
text:Okay. Okay. If you're busy, let's talk about something. Okay, bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, mother Xu Ruzuki? Hello, I'm an excellent chemist. How are you, Mr. Jang?	labels:Every day I believe in remedial classes.
text:You're a teacher, aren't you?	labels:But not much to make up for.
text:I heard him talk to me about English outside, and I think he's very good in English.	labels:It's okay. It's okay. It's okay.
text:He's good in English, and then I say you're good in English. Why don't you fill the rest? I know he's a little weak in math, right?I don't think so.He said he particularly liked the English teacher.	labels:That's right, and then it's particularly weakened, and now he's saying that you're going to do a little bit of remedial work on your side, too.
text:He told me he wanted to stay here until senior year.I don't think so.He was so happy to talk to me the day before yesterday, he said I've passed my physical chemistry.	labels:For him all.
text:Right.	labels:Mr. Cheung can't help you anymore.
text:He's pretty serious himself.I don't think so.And then I said to Mom that I asked him about the baby, and he said that he was at home, except for an English class, and then watched TV at home, because after all, he was in high school, and this summer was really important.I don't think so.And then the kid's side might not be too tight. Mom's side must be there to keep an eye on him.	labels:Say what I should do.
text:You say, for example, that math completely allows him to study himself, if it's not out there, yes.	labels:Because I'm telling you now that he's out there with a lot of students, and he's not one of the top 1 and 2 tops of the previous two years, he's one of those, he's one of them, and one of them is 30, and it doesn't work.I don't think so.I really don't want to.
text:Why don't you even think about letting him come over here?	labels:It's too expensive here. It's too expensive to make up for some classes. We still have time for classes, right?
text:Right.	labels:There's because.
text:Well, I'm telling my mom and I are talking about this part of the summer, because the class is more focused, so it's very good, right?I don't think so.Yes, because you go to school once a week, once a week, to tell the truth four times a month, and then you add one, and you do it four times, and you do it a month, and it certainly doesn't work well.I don't think so.And then I told the kid that he was thinking about it, considering the possible price, but I thought it would be better to put it in the summer or in the cold.	labels:It's like I'm gonna ask him, okay? Or I'm gonna ask him.
text:If he doesn't want to come, you'll have to tell him to arrest him for the summer.I don't think so.Well, if you don't have a class outside and you don't want to go, it'll be too late in the senior year of high school. Yeah, it'll be hard for him to make it up. Okay, I know, okay. Okay, okay.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I am.	labels:And in this minute, maybe next minute, I won't let you feel sad about what you want to say. Hello.
text:Are you the father of Jiang Xin? I'm Teacher Zhang of Physics. Hello. Jia Jun seems to be taking exams this week, so I hope Ka Jun will be here this week and he says he doesn't have time.
text:When is Saturday?
text:On Sundays, as he had not taken his last exam, he said that he had only taken his language test.
text:Last time I didn't get a test.
text:He did last time, but he didn't last time.I don't think so.And then I wanted him to come to the exam, and because he might be in class recently, he might feel that Saturday, and then he might feel a little tight, and I said that if it wasn't Saturday, he wouldn't take the physics class and then let him take the exam.
text:Isn't that right?
text:Then Jia Jun may have been in a better state of study in the recent past, when he sometimes did not complete it again or twice.I don't think so.Well, then I asked him if he said he didn't have time, and the longer he spent, the more he didn't remember doing his homework, and then if it was the last class, like Monday and Tuesday, and then one day off, then on Thursday he finished his around and around, and if it was on Thursday and he was on Saturday, but on Saturday, because it was two days away from Tuesday, it was almost three days away, and then he was a little lazy when he didn't do his homework, which is that maybe he was late at home and I asked him what he was doing at home, and he didn't read much at home.
text:I didn't. I just saw it.
text:He did his summer work, as if he had not finished his summer work, and I asked him to do so.
text:I've been telling him that things are happening to him. I don't do things to myself. He doesn't realize it.
text:It's not self-conscious, and he's doing his homework relatively well, and he's doing his homework more seriously, as long as he's actually serious, but I don't know what he's doing, but he's doing it wrong, and I'm going to say it, and then he says I'm doing it, and he says I know it, and I'm doing it wrong, and he's not really looking at it, and it's okay if I say I'm doing it wrong.I don't think so.Or are you still a student? Or are you not a student? Then we're going to class, because we're going to study, and then I'm going to find out that there's something wrong with him, and I'm going to say to him, and I'm going to tell him, and then he's going to understand, and then he's going back, and then he's going back to the way he's been doing it, and it's going to be the way he's doing it, and it's going to be the way he's doing it, and it's going to be the way he's doing it, and it's going to be the way he's doing it.I don't think so.So a kid like Joon at first taught him how to be obstinate about a thing at first, and it might be a little bit less easy to change.
text:He's learning the pressure now.
text:Pressure is much better than before, because we're talking about stress stress and stress, and we're probably done with stress, but welfare is only a little bit more difficult because I'm a little more dynamic than it is, but it's not as much as stress, that's because it's part of pressure, and it's harder, and I'm afraid he's learning a little bit, and he's not interested in stress, and that's a lot more trouble, so I'm going to talk about it, and then I'm going to start studying first year's knowledge, and it's clear that I feel more comprehensive about stress than second year's knowledge, and that there's not so much knowledge before, and he's wrong to say that he's not so likely to do it, and he's doing it too much, and he's doing it for a semester.
text:He's got a bit of a fixed mind, isn't he?I don't think so.That's it.
text:And it was a mistake, and I pointed out that he was aware of his role, but the key was to do it again.
text:A little.
text:So I'm probably going to say something wrong to him a lot later.
text:Okay.
text:This exam's still coming anyway.
text:Yeah, well, tomorrow day after tomorrow.
text:See what day he chooses to come on Saturdays or Sundays.
text:Let him think about it tomorrow.
text:Tomorrow he'll give him the exam. Tomorrow he seems to have an English class. He told me he didn't.
text:He's all two or four or six tourists now.
text:I asked him the same thing, but he said that his English class seemed to have been left behind.
text:Pull one down.
text:You can ask him then. He told me that today.
text:Okay. Are you there tomorrow?
text:I can also call Mr. Wang Wankang when he comes tomorrow, he is his teacher, and I'll tell him if he's sure he'll come tomorrow, but if he's sure to do it together, there's a lot of kids here on Saturdays, and there's an atmosphere at the first level, and there's a teacher at the supervisory level.
text:You let him take the exam on Saturdays, Saturdays after the English class, make sure he has a good lunch and baked it in the afternoon. Yeah, it's the afternoon?I don't think so.Yes.
text:It could be in the afternoon, because pear flowers were made in the afternoon, and that's how they were arranged.
text:Well, he'll take care of it. Do you have any questions for him?
text:There are no major problems with the others.
text:That's what it means.
text:Instead, it was not complete for too long, and he then said to the definition that he could use him to understand it, but he couldn't say it if he had to.
text:You're gonna send me your homework if you don't think Thursday's too long.I don't think so.Send it to me when you're done on Saturday. I'll take care of it, yeah.
text:You remind him that he's probably a few years away, and then too.
text:He's still playing too hard, yes.
text:I think he's just playing too hard.
text:Other than that, I've always wanted to say he can't.
text:He's this one.I don't think so.No awareness, no awareness, no awareness, no awareness of the very tense feeling that has reached the third grade.
text:No, he didn't have that at all.
text:And when I say that half the summer is over, that's when the summer is over, that's when it's over. He says it's a long time, and I say who says it's a long time and a few days.
text:Soon, it'll be over in a week or three.
text:Soon he didn't have that awareness, which means you're going to have to urge him to do the summer work.
text:Mm-hmm. Okay.
text:Does Dad have a problem with physics? Whatever advice you have, let's see how to help the child better.
text:When he's done, let's see what's missing. Is this a combination or something?
text:The whole third year we've just learned the contents of the summer.
text:Is this part of your pressure or what?
text:This part of the stress is because what we've learned in the first three years is this new chapter, it's an application, and then we've got papers, and it's easy, and it's normal.
text:It was the first time before.
text:It's a test, isn't it?I don't think so.The first test was a small one, which was actually in the new class, and then maybe later in the second semester. That's what we've been doing since we've been studying the new ones, because they've not been studying at first, they've been studying for a week and a semester, and he's probably not interested if you talk again.I don't think so.Now, the wealthiest of these periods, he has forgotten a little and then studied it, which might be better for him to consolidate, as well as for his own interests.
text:Okay.
text:What else did Dad have?
text:I'm nothing, but you'd better call me in time for any problems.
text:Good dad can have any problems with that. Okay.
text:Okay, okay, thank you. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, little secretary mom? I'm Teacher Cheung.I don't think so.I'm Mr. Physics.	labels:Hello, Miss Cheung.
text:On Monday, we arranged an exam at the school, and yesterday we forgot to tell the clerk.	labels:Tuesday Saturday.
text:On Saturdays, as long as he drags a day over, he can actually take every test.	labels:Don't look at the morning or the afternoon.
text:If he only had a physics test, he would have come any time, and then if he had a special supervisory teacher with the old front desk teacher, he would have told him I had a physics test.	labels:You can do it in the morning.
text:Other subjects can be good, and every door has a scroll.I don't think so.All right, well, then let's learn, and I think it's all good, and I think it's a better seed, so now we've finished the first stress basics, and then we're going to do it, and then we're going to do it, because we're going to finish the chapter, and we're not going to finish it, and then we're not going to start talking about it, because we're going to finish the whole third year, and we're going to have to talk about it, and we're going to have to do it, and we're going to do it.I don't think so.But there's some details about the direction of the test with the third grade, some aspects of which he may not know, because in the course of my study with him, I found that he had some flaws, a lot of them, and I would start by thinking that Su-jung might feel that he knew about the second grade, and then he might not say that he was sure that every point was comprehensive, but my father found that he was a big one. So, even though he had more than 80 points, he said to me that he had more than 90 points, right?I don't think so.It's a bit of a difficulty, and some of the things they don't pay attention to are out of control.I don't think so.And then when we talked about it, I thought he might be comfortable, and yes, he might still be able to hear it, and he'd study after class, and the kid's nicer, and that's better, so we're not just going to go over the first year, because I'm not saying that I've just finished talking about the second year, and then I'm not going to practice, and I'm not going to look at the second half of every class, but instead of giving him a third year's work, can he do the proper job, do he have a lot of homework in the process?I don't think so.It's okay, isn't it?I don't think so.It's good to zoom in, because I'm afraid he's saying he's too tired, because he says he's asking him about his summer homework, and he says he can't do it the last time, and this time he's telling me that he can do it.I don't think so.Yes, I'm afraid he won't be able to do it around the clock, or I'm a little tired or something. Then I'll give him a job, and then I'll give him a part of the first three, and then it'll be consolidated, and then it'll be more compact, and then he'll get a slow rise.	labels:He told me that he had been reviewing the content over the past few days.
text:Yes, he spoke to his mother a lot, and he spoke better, meaning that some of the children at home did not talk to their parents at all, and then I called, and they said they didn't say anything, they didn't know anything, they didn't know how to learn.	labels:Thought he might talk to me.
text:It's kind of nice, and I think it's nice for the kid to teach, and even if he can do it, he'll do everything in the future, which means he's serious about doing something, and I think it's nice.I don't think so.After that, we might have something in the first three years, and I know one of Yu Xiu's teachings, but I'm afraid he might not be able to do it in the first place, but I'm afraid that when he started out, he didn't mention it too high, he did it, because the medical teacher had a very high medical check-up, he gave the problem from the very beginning, hit a child, so we might still be doing it, and he kind of doesn't think it's too big.I don't think so.Anyway, does Mom have any physical advice on her side, or does she have to give the kids more help at any time, because I think she knows the kids better, yeah.	labels:The things I spoke to him were less solid, and it was as if, at the time of his study, he had a little bit of a lack of understanding of what he had previously been told.
text:I'm gonna catch a hole in it, and I'm gonna say it, 'cause he's good at it, 'cause I think I've learned it once in my first year, and I've learned it for a semester, right?I don't think so.And then some of the holes got caught, and he had to fill them out, make him feel confident he'd remember better, and then he'd do the same thing when I did it, because he said he didn't know anything about it. Anything else?	labels:No, he likes you very much. That's good. He likes you very much.
text:Well, I'll be in touch with any questions from now on.I don't think so.Good, good, good, good, good, good, good, good. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, are you the parents of Van Si Jin? Hello, I'm Miss Liu from University School. Do you mind answering the phone now?	labels:Easy.
text:I've been to Nanchang for a long time, and I've left you a contact for a study on the psychological check-up of primary and secondary school students in conjunction with his school.I don't think so.This time, we're going to use the summer to start school, and we're going to give the kids a free education evaluation of their studies, and then we're going to invite parents to take their children to our campus for a free education evaluation.I don't think so.If you look at this afternoon or tomorrow's time, it'll be easier for you to go to our campus for an educational evaluation.	labels:Which school?
text:We've got the West Lake area, the suburban area right across from East Lake 28, the South South Road Division campus, and the Red Valley Beach campus. Which one is more convenient for you?	labels:Where's West Lake?
text:The West Lake Region is located in the West Lake Area Government Building in Kikowon and is now located under the Doctoral Creative Industries Centre opposite the Peace Hotel.	labels:The Grand Hotel for Peace is on the other side of peace.
text:The big hotel's slanted across.	labels:Where's East Lake?
text:East Lake is directly across from the 28th, 52th Alteration Road.	labels:Right across from the 28th, right?
text:On the opposite side of the 28th, the 52nd position of Lacroix Road.	labels:It's easy anywhere, it's easy to get there, it's easy to get there, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay, it's okay.
text:If you want to know which one is closer to your home, I'll arrange for your teacher.	labels:This way in the 28th.
text:Well, if you look at this time, this afternoon or tomorrow between 9 a.m. and 9 p.m., which time would be easier, about an hour or so.	labels:Tomorrow.
text:Afternoon, huh? What time is it?	labels:About three or four hours can do it.
text:- Three or four o'clock? - Yeah.	labels:How about tomorrow morning?
text:Also in the morning and in the afternoon, starting at 9 a.m., it would be more convenient to see what time it is tomorrow morning.	labels:It started at 9:00 a.m. last morning, right?
text:Between 9:00 a.m. and 9:00 p.m.	labels:Tomorrow morning is about 10:00 or 10:00 or 10:00.
text:All right, are you going to Gilling at the Peace Hotel or are you going to be closer to the 28th or the 28th? Okay, then you're going to the temple and you're going to be in charge of the mother's children, and he's going to learn a little bit more.	labels:I used to take the kids, didn't I? Yeah.
text:Because it's done primarily for the children, we have to go through it.	labels:Okay, I'll take him there tomorrow.
text:You take the kids, they're about to go to junior high. Yes, they're also in the arts. Are you going to the arts class or the science class this year?	labels:Science.
text:Ben, are you a little more involved in learning about this stuff, or are you a little more involved with your mother?	labels:It's so big, it doesn't matter.
text:What about the autonomy of a child's own self-study?	labels:Not very autonomous, yes.
text:What do you need to quit doing homework? Give me back my homework.	labels:If you want to supervise it, ask the supervisor to supervise it.
text:The tutor does it. Maybe you're busy at work or something? Yeah.	labels:We're too old to work every day.
text:Busy at work.I don't think so.In the case of tutoring, it is mainly part-time work, and certainly it is also part-time teaching.	labels:That's right. He used to be a teacher, right?
text:A teacher who has recently graduated from school, it may be that there may be a slight reduction in teaching experience.	labels:Maybe.
text:It's okay to talk to the kids. See you later. If the kids are better at learning in this area, he has a tutoring outside.	labels:This time, it's like you're in a class allowance of $131,440 a day.
text:Is 140 bucks an hour of tutorial in a new East or a place?	labels:New East side looks like.
text:New East is in the summer paper, or did you just report it to him?	labels:The summer paper, now at work, is still in 10 courses.
text:Ten courses. Do you have any more courses? Are you about to finish?	labels:I don't know. I reported to him for four classes anyway.
text:The baby's mother reported it, didn't she?	labels:He reported it himself, and I paid him.
text:Did you report it yourself? Did he ask for it himself?	labels:Tutor.
text:Do you still agree with the name you found him?	labels:Homeschools play silently during the summer season.
text:You don't have any tutors, do you?I don't think so.Yeah, summer classes are mostly in the new East. Have you learned with your kids what it's like to be in the middle school? It's more important for parents to look for them.I don't think so.It didn't work very well.I don't think so.It's quite expensive in class. Have you talked to his old teacher about it?	labels:The teacher ' s fees were not very high, as if he had come to his home on Thursdays and Fridays and 44 days a week.
text:At home, are you going to school in the new East or home?	labels:The effect of the 1.4 million class hours in the new East can now be seen.
text:When's the first time you've done it?	labels:We'll finish the rest of the class in two days.
text:After these two days, it may be a test or something after the start of the school, depending on the results of the study, on the one hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, and on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, and on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, on the other hand, it is a good point of reference as to whether or not there has been any improvement in self-confidence and autonomy in learning.I don't think so.Parents can't wait until they have finished those classes to see if the middle-aged child's learning habits have improved their autonomy.	labels:Our parents are just looking where they're going.
text:If you look at your grades, you'll only have to wait until school starts.I don't think so.On the other hand, it is important for a child to learn how to learn.	labels:You're mostly tutoring and tutoring, aren't you?
text:We also have our educational institutions and we are the largest one-to-one institution in the country.	labels:On one-on-one.
text:We were the first one-on-one, and now the largest in the country, even though we're about to be on the market in the new East, it's the new East.	labels:There's all kinds of coaching, and that's the kind of equity that doesn't cover your last book.
text:I'll tell you what I'm gonna say for you. Can you believe that?	labels:I'll give you back the money.
text:If you see that the child has not improved his grades, he will not be able to go to a book, but it will not be a matter of money or money.I don't think so.How can he promise you a copy of the campus?	labels:He's one-on-one. He's on his way to the next semester. He's in charge next semester.
text:Is that the kind?I don't think so.In any case, I think if he says that all the students are guaranteed priority, I'm not.	labels:It's definitely about the student's own learning situation.
text:But if the child's studies are enough for the last book, the same goes for the last one or not, and he should have the last one or the last one, and I don't think it's particularly practical if he chooses the students.	labels:I estimate that mediation would not have been possible in such a report.
text:Yeah, well, I don't think he'll be able to get you a copy of this, even if he can promise you the last one.	labels:It's safe there.
text:Education does not necessarily guarantee a child ' s access to the first book, because the improvement in performance is due to the fact that the teacher in our district makes a schedule of school hours for the child and, on the other hand, to the fact that the child learns about his autonomy, whether or not the child works together, and whether or not the child is willing to work together, and most of this is due to the improvement of the child ' s performance.	labels:A 28-room tutor in many respects, right?
text:To the right side of the 28th, we need to go to our campus, because if we teach at home, because children may have a sense of superiority in their own homes, in their own homes and in their own homes, and there are more things to do. If we go to our campus, the campus will be managed by a teacher in its environment or in all its aspects, and it will be more effective in this regard.	labels:You're a little bit on the other side, a teacher and a student.
text:We only do one-on-one primary education, and maybe we do one-on-one primary school, one-on-one or adult-on-one or some comprehensive class, like accounting or justice, and that's what we do, right?	labels:How much extra class is that?
text:The price of our new East is not too low, is it?I don't think so.We're one-on-one. We're all one-on-one.	labels:140 hours.
text:In that case, we may still have some activities to do during the summer. You can come.	labels:It's 140 hours, isn't it?
text:It's about a few dozen dollars to a few hundred dollars, and it's probably not the same for a teacher. I think that's about the same price, because I'm on the side of Beijing, and you know that the price on the side of Beijing is a little bit higher. In particular, I don't know much about it. You can go to our neighborhoods to see what's going on. This should be a one-to-one price that has a uniform standard across the country, which is not so different from the one-to-one price.I don't think so.Yes, you can go to our district tomorrow at around 10 a.m. and tell us more about the science class, which I'm going to offer him a teacher that's more suitable for him. What is the subject of science that you feel is relatively weak, for example, what is the subject that the child is studying now?	labels:Not right now, he feels a physical weakness.
text:Remedial studies.	labels:Mainly remedial physics, these four courses.
text:Physics is a bridging course, or some previous refresher. Do you know what this course is about?	labels:The content may be a review.
text:You're in a hurry, aren't you?	labels:There are no new courses.
text:This means he's giving you this seminar or a seminar or something. Do you know what kind of program he's got for children?	labels:I don't understand.
text:It's not special, is it?	labels:I'm 16 years old, taller than me, and he won't say anything.
text:We're going to have a seminar before the children go to school. We're going to have a seminar. We're going to have a seminar. We're going to have a seminar. We're going to have a seminar.	labels:Didn't inform me.
text:Didn't tell you, did you?	labels:The kid took his own money to sign up, he asked for it, and there's his classmates.
text:Maybe every institution's procedures are different, and some of the teaching services for children are different, mainly because it's a bit thin in physics, and it's a little thin in relative terms. It affects its overall achievement. Mathematics is actually a physical foundation and tool, and it doesn't know child mathematics.	labels:This math's still...
text:Is that right? The improvement in the physical performance of the child should be very promising. Is there anything more to be done for him in some other subjects, such as major subjects, mathematics, language and English?	labels:I'd say English is better than English, wouldn't it?
text:It may be that there is a certain amount of word-reading or grammar learning in English for boys to be guaranteed, that there may be a slight shortfall in self-reliance in the third survey, and that there is a certain learning method in English itself, and that there is an important subject in science, and that many boys are very good in numeracy because they are drawn up in English, so that it is more reassuring to say that a child may have a slight weakness in both physics and English, which may seriously affect the child’s ability to drink. That is, it may be a little late to say that in senior year he should not wait until senior year to catch up with his child at his tenth point, and in senior year 2 teaching and new courses to make up for his old age, so that at senior year three he will be more certain, so that the parents will be more reassured that he may know at senior year three what else he has to do, and it may be a little too late to refuse to do.I don't think so.How can we say that there are only a few months left, after all, in the second half of March to June, in the way you said you were going to put him in trust in the second half of the year?	labels:Three months is useless, isn't it?
text:It may be better for our parents to say that, in order to give him a long-term leap forward, it may be because, after all, it is a long process or because it takes a year or two to get him up slowly, and then he may not necessarily improve psychologically or in his grades, but he may also be in danger of falling, if he were to give up so much burden to the child at once.I don't think so.So let's hold him for a second in high school. Then tomorrow at 10 a.m., you take the kids over, then I'll get him a teacher for physics and English, and I'll give him a comprehensive analysis, okay?	labels:Good work.
text:Tomorrow at around 10 a.m., you can take the child, and if you have the papers, you can bring them, and the teacher can give him the corresponding free papers. In fact, it may be more intuitive when you look for him, if you have time.	labels:It's better if we take care of our own time, right?
text:For the exam with the baby.	labels:He's already tested the papers, hasn't he?
text:I'll call you back if you have any problems. Thank you. Thank you, Dad, and congratulations to the kids. Thank you, Kimble. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Are you Chen Yu Lu's mother?
text:Hello.	labels:I'm King's Physics teacher.
text:Hello.	labels:Is it a good time to talk now?
text:All right, I'm in the car.	labels:Because we've had three classes, and we've become familiar with a child's profile.
text:Then.	labels:I heard the kid say he's been in Shanghai since this year, right?
text:Right.	labels:That's the part where the kids go to school, that's the piece where they take knowledge, and I feel that the kids are very smart.
text:Right.	labels:Because we're not talking about a new lesson, the child accepts the knowledge point and quickly says the absorption point is faster.
text:And then there's what you accept. That's what it means.	labels:I also found that the advantage of a child's comparison was to say that he had a problem, and if he didn't know whether or not it was over, he would mean that he would just keep asking the question until he understood it, which I think is very good.
text:Oh, he'll ask, won't he?	labels:That is, because if I had any doubts about him, he would have raised his questions if there were any discrepancies.
text:That means this one's pretty good, yeah.	labels:I think this one's better, and then the kid's really good at the piece of knowledge, and the new class's still very good, because we're in the new class, and I think I'm really good about the two things I'm doing right now, which means that there's any feedback back home?
text:He told me his first impression of you. Then he said he'd be more interested when he was always young. And ask the teacher if he'd like to take a new class after that, right?	labels:We're all in a new class, because I told my kids at the junior high school in Shanghai that one of Shanghai's senior exams, Shanghai's physics and the national rolls were different, and that thing at the junior high school, and the physics kids at the junior high school, they felt it was all wrong.I don't think so.It's totally different for high school, and we don't have to do this in the first three years.
text:Or by.	labels:Because the new class says that high school physics is very hot, it's really hot, it's very flexible, and I'm just saying that I'm going to study the third grade is not necessary, I'm going to focus on the new class, and I don't know if the children are in their school.
text:There's nothing.	labels:Did they go to school for the opening exam?
text:We're not in touch yet. We'll be there next week. We'll be in touch in a couple of days before we know if there's any open water.I don't think so.Okay, that's it.	labels:If Mom knew that the kid had an opening exam at their school, you'd say you'd contact me, because if I didn't, I wouldn't have had to study some of the first three subjects. If they had an opening exam, you could ask them which part of the primary part of the opening examination was?
text:I'll talk to you later.	labels:It's one of my cell numbers.
text:Okay, thank you. It's okay.	labels:Anyway, the kid says he's a good boy.
text:He may not be able to handle it on the spot.	labels:And then my mother knew that the kid ran into a U.S.A. test reform in Shanghai this year.
text:Hit it.	labels:Yeah, and then they're talking about physics as a 3+1 policy in Shanghai, which should have been understood before.
text:That's a little familiar, right.	labels:Now it's as if they don't really know anything about literature.
text:3+1 physics, usually cash physics. Last time I said in English, I knew how physics was usually a freshman.	labels:So the first part of physics is so much harder than the first part of junior high school, and it's so much harder than the first part, and it's so hot, and it's very hard to think about a child. And the second part is, isn't it reform? And the second part is, after the high test, is that they don't care about the arts, so the first part of physics and architecture is that it's gonna get harder, and then it's not like the last time you say you've passed the exam, you're fine.I don't think so.Okay, now it's like you're saying you're going to get a grade as a grade.
text:It's like you're supposed to take it seriously, and every time you do it, it's going to go to level A.	labels:That's right, so if I'm good at every science, is it? He's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who's the one who listens to the kid?
text:It should have been possible for me to ask now, and for the time being, if possible, to readjust it for the time being in this school.	labels:There is still a significant gap in the content of high-school courses at Pugao's level of peace.
text:Isn't that right?	labels:Yeah, that's a big gap.
text:You have different clinical textbooks, one high school and one.	labels:Is high school in Shanghai? Shanghai's is the same, like, different schools in every district, but your exams are all the same.
text:The same is not the case for the usual materials, the final part of the examination is the same, and the contents of the flats are well-paid.	labels:Because every school in the factory, because you're like a high school in Shanghai and a high school in general, you have different levels of students, and if it's too hard to talk about it, his students may not be able to accept it.I don't think so.That's right, it's probably the same, but it's not the same.
text:Mm-hmm-hmm right.I don't think so.I understand.	labels:It is to be hoped that the monthly record will have to learn to be solid in physics, regardless of where it goes to school, that is, to be as difficult as possible and to be as difficult as possible in the ordinary course of events.
text:Right.	labels:He's going to say it's very good.
text:Okay, thanks, just say it.	labels:Just say yes, tell me when you're in touch with their school, if you have an exam, tell me again, Mom.
text:Okay.	labels:Better ask, he's involved in writing for you.
text:All right, all right, thank you.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Miss Song. I didn't hear you. Can you pick up the phone now? Yes, I just had dinner, I didn't hear you.	labels:He told me today that it was a long time to call you for dinner and tell you about Hu's recent studies. Well, that's because it's basically the end of the senior year, and I'm going back from the top to the top, and I'm going to go over it carefully, and then I'm going to give him a senior, and I'm going to make it harder for him to add one.
text:Right.	labels:There were also many things about the difficulty of explaining the educational materials that had not been mentioned before, and he was also told about them.
text:What does he think he learned?	labels:I'm sure that's a lot more solid than I used to be, because did I show you my test papers last time?
text:Which one I don't remember.	labels:A hundred scores, 87 points. Like a hundred scores, 87 points? It's the first paragraph.
text:It's been a couple of days, isn't it?	labels:It's good to think about his test, but he's familiar in some places.
text:Yeah, it's kind of careless, and it's on math.	labels:I told him about it, and I told him about it. I told him about it. I told him about it. You take it easy, you take it easy, you take it easy, you take it easy, you take it easy, you take it easy, you take it easy, and I tell you, I'm probably going to give him a little bit of advice, because I'm going to give him a lot of advice, and then I'm going to take it up, and I'm going to see what's wrong with him, and then I'm going to give him another paper on the wrong subject and he's going to do it.
text:That's good too.	labels:Yeah, and then I'll test if he has any of the things I've said, and I'll give him the rest of the time, and I'll tell him about it in class today and in previous classes, so you have to learn when you're not in school.
text:Take a look at all the sermons.	labels:I want to think about what I've said in the past.
text:When are you going to put these on?	labels:Let him watch it now.I don't think so.I told him not to do it now, and I told him you'd be watching it lately, and I told him the other day. Yeah, and then he looked at him and gave him an exam, and then he took the test again.
text:Okay, so it's so high school so far. Okay, so it's so high school, right?	labels:Right.I don't think so.The sophomore is about to start, because the part of the sophomore's magnetic field that we talked to him at the end of his second year might concentrate on the first two to three chapters of the previous chapters on the power plant and the power plant and the circuit, which is very difficult, and then on some educational materials.I don't think so.It's pretty serious, you know. You're going to have to work yourself out in high school.
text:I'm fine with learning. I'm in class.	labels:Yeah, it's good. Next time I'm gonna wait for it to pass, I'm gonna give him a test, like, a week or two, and then I'm gonna call you about him, okay?I don't think so.Okay, okay.
text:I know she's been asking her to look more these days.	labels:That's right. It's because there's a lot of reward. It's about $122,000, right?I don't think so.Fine, let him study. I was thinking about coming out in early August the previous time, and then I was busy, so I was going to give him a test at the end of the summer.
text:The whole thing is new.	labels:Give him a test.
text:You think you're familiar with what's so personal about him.	labels:Yeah, and then I gave him another test paper.
text:Okay.	labels:I'll call you when we're done.
text:Thank you very much.I don't think so.Okay, bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I don't know.	labels:Hi, it's a pleasure to meet you today. I'm Paul's school district. I'm a professional science analyst at junior high school. I'm Han. How old are our kids?
text:Students in the 2nd grade.	labels:He's in junior high, isn't he? What school is he in?
text:The students won't talk at this school, just say it, and then what are you doing here?	labels:It's the parents, because I want to communicate with you earlier and get a clear picture of our students, because what I want to ask the school is that there's really nothing to do about it, but that the child wants to take the school where he is, and if it's better at the school, I'm sure there's a great deal to do with your education.
text:18 joint.	labels:Very good school. How's the kid doing?
text:(c) Secondary school results for students.	labels:Which subjects, if any, are better at the moment, and which are weaker at the moment?
text:I'm actually here today to ask questions about mathematics and physics, mathematics and physics.	labels:What chapter has the kid learned in math now?
text:Students learn math from math.	labels:Mathematical light phenomenon.
text:Physics is on the light side, so math only learns the real numbers, right?	labels:He is usually tested as a unit within the school, including how many scores the midterm examination would be able to score.
text:This time texting was a 75-year math test.	labels:That would be the end of our class, because what I'm talking about is that 18-year-olds are pretty good. You're like the end of the class when they say 80 or 45, and you're talking about the end of the class. What's one of the rankings of our students this time?
text:Nor did the teacher say that he was not happy when he came home.	labels:I'm sure it's reasonable for the boy to say that he's not happy, because he's in a class where he's in a very good class, and he's in a position to say that he's a bit depressed, and that's normal when he gets home. Did you communicate with the students?
text:I think he's in a bad mood, and I'm afraid to ask him, and I think he's sad, and I've been crying at home for the last time.	labels:The student actually believes that he's saying that he's reacting, that he's willing to study, and then thinks he's doing a great job in every way. So, what's the math, uh, the physics kid's 75 points, so what's the math?
text:Mathematics got 75, physics then 89.	labels:Physics is fine. In this case, it's middle school, isn't it?
text:But after the last exam, he learned the light from the source and he said he didn't understand it.	labels:Because, in the first two years, the more difficult part of physics, like the first chapters, is like a refraction of light, and then it's a bit more difficult to change the state of things. So you're going to make it more difficult for a child than it is electrically, so in the first half of light, it's basically not going to be a concoct image or a refraction.
text:He didn't learn that image. The point was that there were things that were closer to life, like rainbows, like this macaroni, like these phenomena, and that it was not very good to remember the concept, but maybe it was the girl who died.I don't think so.It's true that there's no room for imagination and logic for his girl, but it's good for the first one, and it's good for the first one, and it's hard for the first five in the first year, and the second in the second, it's a change, and it's hard for the students themselves to accept it.	labels:In fact, in the case of our students, I've seen a lot of them learn very well in the first and even in the first years, so there will be some drops between the second and the third, and that's normal first. And you know that, in the case of students, his subjects have increased in the second year, and the second is that his studies have become more difficult.I don't think so.The third is that the child is a good student in this school, so he's a better student than he is. So if you try harder than you say about rainbows and sank, it's hard for the children to learn, and I think it's reasonable, because what a student is saying now is that he's talking about life, and you're less aware of it, because you've been in school, and if you've been doing things like that, he's probably paying less attention.I don't think so.Mathematics is physics. Isn't it good to have only these two?
text:Since the content of the study is still relatively low, the last time he studied genetic animal upgrading, he did more than 80 points, and now he's under a lot of stress when he learns light, and now he's in the lens chapter, which is one of the most difficult parts of the school year.I don't think so.I thought I'd add it to him.	labels:This is a very right idea, because the physical aspect of a child is the beginning, and if you learn poorly, if you have a flaw in the front, then the knowledge is that there will be more and more, and the children will say that there will be more and more, and you are right now that you will find this remedial lesson for a child.I don't think so.Besides, I've just shared with you the weak places of physics students, so I'd like to communicate with you again, which are the weakest places in student mathematics at the moment?
text:Mathematics is the front because he's a graphic, and the graphics are not so good, and the hours are not wrong, and the calculators are pretty good, mostly graphic graphics.	labels:It's just that our students have a little bit of a weakness in geometry. When you look at him in the first year, you learn because you also learn geometry, and then the parallel lines, all of which are quite simple.I don't think so.So it's not too good for a student to learn about the theory of equity because he doesn't know the concept well, or because something went wrong when he did it.
text:That's not very clear.	labels:Anyway, the students usually talk to you about the two pieces, and he doesn't want to tell you too much about the particulars, does he?
text:That's what he said when he spoke to his teacher. The student's more intimacy is that you tell him that you don't care about him, that he's under pressure, that you don't say because you know the kid's tough, that he doesn't learn that type of student, that he's very demanding of himself.I don't think so.You asked him that he didn't want to talk to him, you asked the teacher that he couldn't say it again, so you brought the student here, and you wanted the teacher to take a look at it and help him.I don't think so.Indeed, I don't want him to learn so well, but the point is that he can learn happily, because the girl's words are too demanding and unrealistic, and he doesn't have to say that he has to go to Qinghuabei University, where he can study steadily and build confidence in a better environment, and I think that's what I want.	labels:Well, I think that's very true, because parents want their children to be healthy and healthy and to grow happy, but at the same time that we're happy in our hearts, I'm sure you're in this discipline, too, if you can, and you want our students to learn better.I don't think so.So now, why doesn't he want to talk to you, and most of the students don't want to talk to their parents too much about learning, including at school, because he thinks they're going through puberty, thinks they're growing up, and there are things that he can solve himself, and he doesn't want to talk to his parents, but because we've all seen kids who don't want to talk to you because, as teachers, we've all seen them say that they don't want to listen to him, don't ask too much, and if there's something that he's here to help, we'll talk to the students because, in this case, we've asked the teachers to teach them more than just his knowledge, and that's psychological and learning habits for the students, and so on.
text:You're right, you're right.	labels:Thank you for being sure of me, and then today the students are here or not.
text:Aren't you sitting next to me?I don't think so.Sit next to you.	labels:This way.
text:You talk to the students.	labels:Because I usually teach parents that I'm a student.
text:Get out of here.	labels:Either the students will be there, but if I talk to the students, I won't call his name, and I'll call the kids okay.
text:You just do what you're used to.	labels:The kids are so happy that you're talking to them today, and I'd like to talk to you in detail. Now, if you're going to start with your physics, it's not too good to learn. What do you think that's the reason why this is happening?
text:I can remember that concept all the time, but I can't figure it out if I'm in touch with the subject.	labels:It's not you, it's not you, it's not you, it's what most students say, because you usually have less contact with life in school, so it's not reasonable for you to say these things.I don't think so.So now that you're having this problem, we'll put you in a teacher's place after class, and he'll tell you in great detail why the rainbow is happening. And then you'll have to remember it very carefully after you've been told by your teacher. So what's the reason why math is weak for you?
text:Well, it's not good to use the trigonometry, because it's not good to use the trigonometry, and I don't think I'm a problem if you're a simple trigonometric.	labels:If you start with your application, you're not doing too well, you're not reading it, or you're not able to find what you know, what you don't know.
text:There's no way to find that relationship, and the Tutu conditions will not be spared, because when I was a kid, I could do better with the application.I don't think so.Now the point is that he gave the app, and I couldn't find the triangle, and I couldn't find the triangle from where he wanted the triangle from, and then replaced it, because there was an equal relationship, because the parallel lines would give the same side, but I couldn't figure out which side of the side he brought back.	labels:So geometrically, that aspect of your space is a little bit more needed.
text:I don't feel that way about what the coach and the parents say, what the girls want in space, but I don't write right.I don't think so.Do you think I can do this on my own?	labels:I'm sure you can make a girl, his imagination in space, but don't listen to parents and teachers, and I'm sure you're very good, and you're just as good at learning. So how do I tell you experience, first of all, because I'm not a teacher, so I'm afraid my experience will mislead you.I don't think so.And the second thing you need, then in your class, the teacher will explain you in great detail, just like I just told you, "Physics," that you won't be anywhere, that you can ask teachers one at a time here, and they will tell you. You're like a triangle where you don't know about the three sides of the rectangular triangle. You know, you tell the teacher two.
text:The square on the right corner and equal to the square on the third side, and the square a plus b equals c.	labels:Your idea is to be very clear-cut, that is, to be able to find out what's on the right side and what's on the right side when you're practicing.
text:No, you just hit a triangle a few times and it's not a triangle like that when it's used. It's got a lot of triangles in it. It's got a triangle in it, and it's got a side of a triangle, and I'm using an ice pot when it comes with it. Here's what you write to me.	labels:You still need to step up in terms of extracurricular outreach.
text:Some of them, and then I'll write back when the teacher's finished.	labels:I've recorded all your problems, so by the time I say them, I'll give them back to your teacher before class, and he'll tell you in great detail in class, so you don't get it when you don't understand. You have to ask the teacher to tell you again until you understand what you're doing.
text:The achievement is the teacher of the method of operation. Can you tell me the method?	labels:How can I change that?
text:When the teacher told me, I heard the question, how I could do it, and I wrote it myself.	labels:I believe that because I have just told you that I am not a teacher, but I can tell you that the first one is to be confident, the second is to be a teacher, and the second is to be in math science is to say that you're going to do more questions, and while you're doing more, you're going to have to do it, and you can't just do it after you've done it, just not to do it, not to do it, not to do it, and then you're going to have to do it. Then you don't do it. You don't do it.
text:Thank you, sir.	labels:So I've been able to communicate with the child today, including in his weak places, and I've recorded why. Is he on Saturdays or Sundays?
text:Saturday afternoons were available, and Saturday afternoon classes were available at the school so that he could come with his own lessons, but there was time on Sundays one day.	labels:Let's relax on Saturday, because it's been a week in school, and the students are tired.I don't think so.What do you think of Sunday when we're scheduled for Sunday morning?
text:Listening to students on Sunday morning?	labels:Would you like to have your class scheduled for Sunday morning?
text:I want to go home and think about it, I want to do what you say, and then I ask the teacher again, and I don't want to be in the morning, and I think I want to be lazy in the afternoon.	labels:You're going back to school on Sunday afternoon.
text:You go back to school after school, after noon, then you go straight to school in the afternoon, not even from here.	labels:That's okay, but like you just said you needed to think back at home about what you were saying about now, you could throw out all your questions, and the teacher would give you a detailed answer.
text:Didn't you just make some suggestions? I wanted to try it again myself. If I could try it, I'd go straight to your plan. If I didn't, I'd go back to the teacher and tell me.	labels:If you want to be confident, you can't do anything about learning. If it means that the teacher is not opposed to your point of view, if it's like you, I'm not too good at learning what I don't have, I want to try it myself, if I can understand it, maybe I can learn it, if I can, so that every child can learn to be a very good student, and the teacher wants to give you a metaphor. Now you're like a sapling, and now you're sick, and when you're sick, say I can get over it and help you without the outside, do you think you can get over it?I don't think so.Maybe you can make it, but if there's any outsiders that we're gonna fertilize you and deworm you, will you get better soon?
text:It wasn't that I didn't want to learn, it wasn't that I didn't want to come, it was that you said something that I didn't think of, I wanted to go back and try again, I asked my teacher at school for two weeks, and I wanted to try it myself, or I'd be a little upset. I wouldn't be long, I'd be a week or two, and you'd be sure that if I didn't do it myself, I'd come to you, because I felt that you were right and I could agree with what you said.	labels:Thank you, and I'm sure you might be able to figure it out if you're at home, but if you're just thinking about what your school teacher said, would you have a problem like that with physics and mathematics if your school teacher were to be able to help you with that?I don't think so.The fact that you have such a problem is that one of the things your school teachers do in this section is that it may not be very appropriate for you, and his methods may not be very appropriate for you, and if you continue to say that there may be another problem with the teachers who depend on your school for this, that is, whether it's a bad idea or not.
text:Anyway, I'd like to try again. It's the middle of the exam. I'm here to see you after the middle of the exam.	labels:Because I'm sure you'd like to do a good job in the middle of the critical period, and you'd like to impress your classmates in the middle of the class, so at this time, the teacher would like you to believe in the teacher, which means that we will not be able to do everything in our power to solve the problems that you are experiencing before the middle of the exam.I don't think so.What if you don't have your problems when you're in the middle of the exam? Would it be worse if you didn't do it again, or if it wasn't as good as you thought it would be?
text:Think again, or I'll call you back. If it's my idea, I'll come straight on Sunday.	labels:So the teacher promised you, whatever you want, I hope you'll come back on Sunday.I don't think so.I'll be here with your schoolteachers, not your schoolmates, and I'll be here with your classmates. Whatever you think, I hope you'll be here on Sunday. I'll see you again, and I'll talk to our math and physics teacher after you leave, and I'll see what they tell me, and I'll call you, and I'll give you some help after class.
text:Okay, thank you, teacher.	labels:A parent like me has just talked to a child, and I think he's a really good kid, because if he's in the middle of the exam now, the teacher on our side is a good teacher, and the class is basically full, I hope that the child will be able to learn on our side. As we have just said, not only will the teacher give the child the greatest benefit in terms of knowledge, but I hope that he will do everything he can to help the child in terms of his learning habits and mentalities.I don't think so.Otherwise, because of the shortage of teachers, you can pay a down payment of $100 or $200 in advance. If the child wants to learn, we're going to give you a platoon because our teacher, not because we have no right to be arranged, but by our teacher's minister, who arranges it to see if parents have taught the down payment, because we have a teacher who says that they are very busy and that only after paying the down payment will the minister have the right to arrange the down payment.
text:It's a deal.	labels:If you pay a $300 deposit today, if the child goes to school, if the child goes to school, then you make up the rest of the fee and if the child doesn't want to go to school, we'll give you a lot of money.
text:Swipe the card and deduct the fee.	labels:I don't want to lose you by withholding the fees.
text:The captain's so cool.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:You didn't tell me when he went there. I didn't know when he told me, because I let him in two cars before, and I was angry, and for a while I left him alone.	labels:Okay.
text:I don't know. I left him alone. I only found out later. Then I asked him if he didn't know.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Ho-chul, did you send the last time you asked the teacher to text you? I forgot, went home. Someone. It's okay. Can you hear me now? Did you look at the contents of the new high school around the house? Did you see a little chemistry? A little bit? The teacher told you, it's wrong to tell you that after high school there's a few chemistry in junior high. We said that in chemical change, molecules can't divide into high school anymore, and the principle can divide again.I don't think so.You see this part of the first book, and you look at it. The principles can be divided into principles and principles and natural terminations, and electronics can look at it, and then you can simply calculate the formula, and then you can talk about the oxidation reaction later. What was the definition in junior high school?I don't think so.Look up, forget about aerobics, but high school has changed, mostly with a change in chemic prices, an educational response. You have to notice, what changes have changed, what else? The definition of double salt reduction we're talking about is also wrong. And watch your eyes when we're going to introduce the concept of ion. We don't talk about ion in junior high school, right?I don't think so.You're going to talk about it in high school, so you're going to have to make it clear, and then you're going to go to the back, and then you're going to go to high school, and it's easy for a lot of students to fail.I don't think so.Why don't you ask me if you have any questions for yourself when you go to school? Then tell me what I have on my side, okay? Then you'll learn a few points in high school, and you'll be able to come by, and you'll see if you've got a lot of problems with chemistry, and you'll get 50 points in the back. Okay, you'll call me if you want to talk to the teacher. Okay, so bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hey, I heard you. Wong Xiaobao. There's still a summer class on the 24th. Last time he didn't go back to school, right? What? Last time he didn't go back to school, I set him up on the 24th in Physics, you know? Line 24, I told you. No, because I only had time, so I left him there for the summer.I don't think so.Thursday, Thursday, 24th, I said to him today, and he said that he could, because he might come back to school to check his homework. If I had some time to do it, I was going to give him a test paper, a couple of points of knowledge that I had spoken the previous time, a lecture on what he had done wrong, and I was going to give him a full wrong question, and give him a moment, and then let him think about it.I don't think so.Yeah, let the system read it to him. Yeah. Yeah, well, I'll just let him know, okay? I'll tell him to come over. I'll give him a time next week, try the 24th, class 224. I'll let him take the 24th. You'll give him a date. Yeah, I'll let him know. He'll have my contact. Okay. Okay.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Can't for no more.	labels:Hi, Wang Jong-ah's mom and dad, I'm Sanya's teacher Wu Wang. I think I've had a good time with the new lessons.
text:He didn't say anything. What do you think?I don't think so.You said you didn't hear what I just said. You said it.	labels:I said, although I've been in physics a few times, it's all new.	labels:When he talked about it, I thought he was still pretty good at it. He was good at understanding it. Didn't he say anything about studying physics when he came home?
text:He didn't say anything. Oh, you said something.	labels:That's what the kid says right now.	labels:At the beginning, the first two sessions were about conceptual knowledge, and he was already a little upset, but he understood.I don't think so.Now he says he's going to swim every night, and then he's not drunk enough.	labels:But every time he does whatever he does.	labels:He's doing pretty well, so he's done it every time.	labels:I was wondering if he'd told you anything about this part of the house.	labels:Need some help or something.
text:Maybe sometimes we should go back and ask him.	labels:Maybe the kids don't like it sometimes, and they didn't tell us at first. After you talk to him, we can talk about him again. I know, okay, we'll get in touch.I don't think so.Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, are you Qui Xiaolan's mother?	labels:For you.
text:I'm Mr. Chang, who's a very well-educated chemist. Remember the last time I called you? What happened to Ran at the teacher's side?	labels:Their new senior year is almost finished.
text:The new class is over, right? The refresher class.	labels:I don't know if that's right. Not necessarily, not yet.
text:In this case, they will take the first grade refresher when they start their exams.I don't think so.And then here we'll have a half-month test on our side, and then if we have time, we'll have Ran come over and take the test.	labels:What a time period it is.
text:Time frame? It could be six weeks. Of course it's time for Ran to come by whenever he can.	labels:Tell him if he wants to see if he wants to.
text:If she doesn't want to, she can take the test papers from the teacher when she can, and then let him do it at home, because he's got a lot of classes out there, right?I don't think so.Yes.	labels:They are now taught all the new courses in their second year, including those in which their claims, including language, are essentially new.
text:He's got a lot on him, too, huh?	labels:I think your home is better at home because you play computers at home, yeah.
text:Is it over there now? No.	labels:There's another math.
text:The rest is over, right? And did Ran think he'd come by, just for a refresher?	labels:I told him to see if it was okay.
text:So you can call me when your mom comes, and we'll give him the data, and then we'll let him do it.I don't think so.Because, after all, they had an ad hoc examination when they started school, and they left the exam on the other hand or on the other hand.	labels:All right.
text:If it includes the children's summer homework, you can bring it over and let me explain it to him.	labels:Yes, they have a 40-day chemical optimisation.
text:Yes, yes, I know. They have answers, but there's only one answer to resolve everything or not.I don't think so.So if it's the kid who looks at that, I don't know about his last exam, and I'm not sure it's a good test. That means it's not very solid, so if it's okay here, let him review the next semester of his first year, because after 20 days, he's done his homework.	labels:There should be some more.
text:They're supposed to be back in school, and I know this side of the back-to-school chemistry business, because I've got a risk on my side, I've got a high school, I've got a job check when they go back to school, and there's only one 40 days of chemistry that should have been done.	labels:Yeah, 'cause yesterday back at school.
text:They're almost done by now, and basically they're clean.	labels:I don't know if I got back from school yesterday with any new homework.
text:I should have been without me.	labels:I'm not sure about that.
text:There's no chemistry on this side, I've got a student on this side. He'll have a new class of what he's in, a new senior year, and we'll have a comprehensive test paper on this side, and we'll be able to test it. Yes, we can.	labels:Okay, okay, I'll talk to him. Okay.
text:Okay, I'll send my phone number to Mom later. Okay. Okay.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.I don't think so.Can you hear me?I don't think so.Can you hear me?	labels:I hear you.
text:You need to listen to Mom, don't you?	labels:Right.
text:I'm Mr. Jin Ri Physics Teacher Jung.	labels:Oh, hello.
text:He didn't call you when he was on his cell phone. He called you and said that he would take the exam papers back to you.	labels:Not yet.
text:He's doing his homework. He's doing his homework, isn't he?I don't think so.I told him to show you the last time. 85 points.	labels:I didn't see that score I asked.
text:Because when I came here, because I often gave him a test, I already did three tests.I don't think so.One or two is more than 90 points, 95 points a time, right? Yeah, and this one is 85, because this one adds a new chapter of optical content, and optical is probably a bit more difficult. Just the last exam, because he didn't get 90, right, but he's smart, so there's no problem with 90 points. And then I'll give him some more.	labels:Good.
text:It's very good, too.	labels:Thank you, sir. It's all right.
text:Yeah, and I told him last time, and I said that your physics wasn't so hard because of the physics of the second grade, right? How can we just let it in? We'll have a good trip in the future, or you'll have a bad future, and then he'll laugh.I don't think so.So, at the beginning, it's about three chapters and three chapters.I don't think so.Yeah, and then listening to the convex image from the last two sessions, it might be a little harder to do optical, and I might give him a little more time to do it, because optical promotion is like a hard point in the whole first two, so it's definitely gonna take a little more time to talk to him.I don't think so.From what I just said today, he's doing quite well for these exams, and hopefully he'll be able to continue, and hopefully continue, and then we'll give him one more test paper after I've finished speaking to him, and then we'll give him a general test for the whole summer. Okay, I'll give him a single test. How's he doing at home?	labels:Without learning, I watched him study, and I said the teacher told you to study, so let's just let him do his homework.
text:That's it. And today I wrote on the record that I wanted parents to check it out. Did he tell you?	labels:No, I haven't seen him doing his homework yet. I want to see it when he's done. Take a look at that.
text:It needs it. You're looking at it twice. It's very important. I wrote it on it.	labels:All right, all right.
text:I'll call you if anything happens, okay?	labels:All right, all right.
text:I'll tell you this first, bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mr. Wang.	labels:Mr. Mom.
text:Did he have a lesson this morning? He said he could change it to three. He was always over the bill. He called me at three.	labels:I came by early this morning. I texted him last night.
text:Well, he just called me. He told me if I could change it to 3:00 p.m.	labels:I'll change him to three, but he'll have to come over, because I'm telling the truth, my leave rate is too high. I know that, well, the class manager I asked last time was saying that he and his mother had agreed that it was a question for the rest of the class, and when did Mom have time to come over?
text:Let him finish what he's done, see if I can talk to his dad, and I'll go over and see how to communicate.	labels:All right, I'll wait for him at 3:00 in the afternoon. Okay. Don't forget. Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Is Song Rong's new mother? I'm Mr. Wei, Mr. Choi.	labels:Hello.
text:Is it a good time to talk now?	labels:Easy for you to say.
text:Okay, so the kid says we're taking a new class for the kids, we're going to start a new class in the third grade. Did the kids come home, did they give you some feedback?	labels:Nothing, he returned home every day, then smoked electronics and then wrote his homework close to 11 a.m.
text:The kid worked hard, and then I looked at his last month's schedule, and I said that I had been in contact with his father before, and then my dad told him about the kid's condition, and my dad said that we were taking this piece of the new class because it was difficult, that it was very good to accept the piece, and that I asked him what he had in a section of his class every time I was in class, and because I said that I would talk to him, and I said that you should go home and study your back, and then I asked him a question at the next session, and then the kid did a very good job, which was a question that he could not answer when I almost said I asked the question.I don't think so.The second is the problem of the child's family, which is that the correct rate is also very high, such a problem.	labels:Yesterday I saw him write, and he said that there was a question that didn't come out, and I didn't, because they didn't think I would.
text:And now there's a very serious problem with the kid, and it's a question of his calculations, and he's right, and he's always wrong, you know?I don't think so.That's a simple calculation, either that he's always wrong, that he's always wrong, that he's sometimes missing a zero, that's another zero, or that the negative side of 10 makes a wrong calculation, that's what he's doing, and that's what he's doing, and that's what he's doing.	labels:He's careless or something, he doesn't count.
text:There's no way we can't count it. You think we're starting math in primary school and we can't count it. Maybe it's a little careless and a little thin.	labels:Now I find out he's not particularly focused on what they're doing, right?
text:And I'm not very clear, because he's doing it at home, probably saying he's not concentrating, and then he's always making mistakes.	labels:If he miscalculates, he's sure he's doing the same for estimates.
text:And that's a shame. You think you're right about everything, and you're wrong about it.I don't think so.What a pity.	labels:That's right.
text:Yesterday.	labels:He said he couldn't figure it out. I don't think you can figure it out. If you can't figure it out, you can't figure it out. If you don't, you can't figure it out.
text:That's right, because we're under pressure in this chapter to test it mainly because it's a big count, and then he needs a child to count first and not to make a mistake.	labels:The second one you said was none, right.
text:And the second thing you need to know is that there's a few calculations that can be simplified, for example, we can simplify our maths and then we can do it again, and these are some of the techniques that we're doing, and maybe the kids are doing this piece.	labels:It won't? It won't.
text:It may mean that it is not very skilled, it may mean that mistakes are made in the process of simplification.I don't think so.The question he's not saying.	labels:Can't just say or not.
text:In the process, it might be a mistake, because when I saw him doing class practice, I was having trouble with him, and then I taught him how to sort it out. He said you were too good, he said he counted it in a few seconds, and I said you didn't know how, and if you had to know how, you'd figure it out very quickly. Maybe he's a kid who likes it.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Okay. How does it feel? Okay, excuse me.	labels:Who knows this place still has this number? Hello.
text:Hello. I'm a teacher of platform education. I'm calling to talk about the problems of children's studies. I want to ask you what it's like to learn a child now. What's a middle-level child's first grade? He's a senior? He's a senior.I don't think so.How's the tutor feeling now?I don't think so.What's he mainly teaching? How much is math now? It's a score, isn't it?	labels:Buh. Say it so big.
text:Well, that means his grades aren't stable. There's still a gap in his discipline, because if he had a better knowledge of his discipline, his grades would be relatively stable, which means that his basic knowledge is not particularly solid, but it's still concentrated on armed forces. Is it a training class?I don't think so.That means he's got 800 years at the end of the year, right?I don't think so.What's the overall score for three years? All right, we've been listening to him for too long in Nanyang City, and then we're doing it professionally, and in which way you're saying that you live in a place where you're armed, and we're not in a square on South China. Yeah, that's close, that's right. We know we're in the middle five, and we're still in the middle two, because we're in the first round, so it's basically finished, but at that point, if there's a problem with the kids in the field right now, then we need to make some suggestions, and you can see if there's a little help for the kids.	labels:The rest of us have questions to understand.
text:It's the grades.	labels:I can't get out.
text:It means he's still a gap in knowledge. Yes, boys or girls? Boys are usually present, and they feel it, but they look at it, but they're wrong. How about English, language, and that?I don't think so.It means that the child has a good memory and a good understanding. It's like a tutor for the child. It's a teacher or a college student. It's a teacher for the teacher. It's a little more experienced. Yes, but it's a bit more important because it's important for the child to have an impact on the future.	labels:Words are.
text:A method of speech therapy, and then a process of accumulation.I don't think so.That's your contact, isn't it? Then five weeks should be off next week.I don't think so.One of us here says that we can do a test for the child, that we can do it free of charge, that we can see exactly where the child's gaps in mathematics are, that he will, but he won't come, that's what I'll do next week or rest. I'll give you an appointment in advance, then I'll find a teacher, and then I'll give us a test of what the child's problem is, because it's only a year in high school. Okay, that's fine. Next week, I'll have time to contact you to come with the child.	labels:It is the report that says that we now include working for them and we don't care.
text:I feel good.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. I'm your physics teacher, Mr. Wang. You've been studying here for a while. The previous time he said to me that he felt a little less confident about physics, that he had confidence when he came back, that he had confidence when he came back. I don't know exactly what he said, so I wanted to ask him if he said anything about it at home.I don't think so.Nothing.	labels:Well, he says it's a tough physical visit to the house, he says what the companies want and how they use it, and I say that you can't learn anything about it, and he says you're gonna use it on paint, not a dead back or something.
text:That's right, because what I've given him is a simple concept from the beginning, and those are the ones that don't need to be done, and they just need to be analysed, and then they're done using formulas, and I gave them to him when I was in class, and he said it was okay, and maybe he's not confident, and he's doing his homework at home, and he's gonna ask me one question, right?I don't think so.The last time yesterday, when I last came to class yesterday, he said, "I don't feel confident, it's hard in the house." I said, "What's wrong?" I said, he did it wrong, but every time he really did it, he was right, and then he suspected he was wrong, because he probably hasn't done it for a long time, because he said that the ironwood problem was good, and I had a headache when he did the math, and now you'd like to encourage him if he did it at home, because, after all, if it was a class at school and not two sections, we'd almost finished the first chapter, and it's a little faster for him, and it's a relatively large amount of work, and it's a little bit easier for him to digest it, and if he had said to your parents, you'd like to encourage him, but what he's doing now is really good.I don't think so.All right, go back to us.	labels:That's it for now.
text:No, because the first two chapters of his first exam are simple, but now that my first chapter is basically about one experiment, we have no way of doing it in this place, because the experiment is different from the one here, and without the instrument, he has not done it, on the basis that the first one is right.	labels:I said his class is over.
text:He's got another class in his class.	labels:One more time.
text:I'm going to give him a comprehensive review, and I'm going to give him a second chapter. So he can study for himself when he can do his military training, and then give him his first one.I don't think so.Okay, okay, we'll get back to you.I don't think so.- Bye-bye. - Mm-hmm.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Before I call you, I'll send you a text message back. What are you doing at home now? You've been on vacation for so long, you've been at home for two months. You're just looking at the comic strips, playing with the cell phones. It's been two months, isn't it?	labels:Here we go.
text:September 1st, September 1st. Right. What do you think you're going to learn when you start?	labels:It didn't start with a division of expertise and then went to school.
text:It's not the least you can do, as long as you learn what you're going to learn, and you're going to do the simulation, and you're not going to see what the school's offerings are.	labels:You.
text:I'm not going to see what school is about, but you're going to have to get ready.	labels:There was no resident teacher at their school, and on August 24th.
text:It's been a week since the 24th of August.	labels:Right.
text:The 24th of August goes in and grinds your patience, and then starts simulating slowly by the 1st of September.	labels:And we're going to the second semester, and we're going to study a little bit.
text:Refund of military training during the second semester.I don't think so.It must be assumed that you can't stand it.	labels:You and I have a schoolgirl who added me for no reason. She told me she was my schoolgirl. She told me she said we were going to 5 or 4 farms this time, and the second study was going to the Oasis in the East.
text:She's your sister. She didn't say when she was your sister, your future or your past?	labels:And then she taught me this time that I'm my sister in piano, and I don't know my phone, but I don't know where he came from, and then he added mine.
text:Yeah, so you're gonna have to wonder if it's true. If you're free, you can take a look at it. Where's your school anyway?	labels:On your way you're not far away.I don't think so.It seems to me that the source is over by the bridge between the north and the bridge.
text:Pretty close, yeah.	labels:Last year will be.
text:Next time you can take the car by yourself.	labels:It's not far, there's nothing there.
text:There's nothing, if you go to the North Bridge, you go straight from the station to Xinsu County, or Qinghai County Chang Fong County, Qinghai County.	labels:The point is that our school is nothing, and there's no street light besides my street. You've seen it.I don't think so.It was as if it had been the 19th of July or when the notification had been received that I had to report to the school, then I was in the middle four group and then went to study there.
text:Professionally good. Now that means there's no one at the school on vacation.I don't think so.Yeah, I think you need to turn around if you're free, and if there's a student who hasn't come home, you can ask them about the school sooner.	labels:It's not all summer.
text:There's something else. You only get it when you start school.	labels:And if I want to know, can I ask Xu?
text:But the trueness of the sister has yet to be verified.	labels:But he's like me, he's the company, he's like me, and he's my professional, and he sends me all the uniforms.
text:That's a coincidence. You're lucky you're in touch with someone else.	labels:Really, and then he told me what he was doing with our class leader. He asked me if I had practiced taekwondo. I said I didn't. He said it was like he told him about me and he said he remembers me or something.
text:Then you can go over there and learn, and you can let him help you. There's someone who can help you make good.	labels:We think he told me the room number of his dorm.
text:That's great, isn't it?I don't think so.How are you?	labels:With my permission, I have only one fellow student in my class, and in two men and a woman, she's middle and senior and I'm not in my class.
text:It's okay, you have two weeks left on August 26, two weeks to go, two weeks to go crazy, one week to go. If you want the next week, you're going to have to talk about changing your habits and adapting to school life.	labels:If I'm used to it, I find that I suddenly wake up very early for no reason in these two months.
text:Early adaptation to school signs.	labels:The point is that there is hardly much going out this year, except for the fact that most of the 7th was taken in early July, when the 11th 12th was taken to slow down.
text:You don't go out and have fun while you're at it, and then you'll have to study again until school starts.	labels:I don't know what I'm thinking, because my micro-message isn't free, and then some of my classmates are on the phone, and some of my friends are in high school.
text:You don't even know if you're going to school until you're at home and you're not allowed to study, or if you're not.	labels:The point is we don't have books. I don't even know if I have books.
text:I'm asking you about language and English. You'll never be able to rely on it, will you?	labels:But textbooks should be different.
text:Textbooks are different, like English, and they don't say very specific boundaries, years, years, years, or anything. Would you just look back at the English stuff in junior high school? Me.	labels:Actually, I don't think it's good to go back to some English movies in the United States.
text:Do you have a movie for the last two months?	labels:Have you seen anything?I don't think so.Well, the United States saw it too, and then yesterday I saw a collection of bankrupt sisters.
text:Breathing a sister, it'll look like it's over.	labels:It's gonna be a long time, and I've seen the days, and I've always seen the moon.
text:It's actually tomorrow, but it's pretty, so I said on August 8 that the threeds are out, and they said that the threeds are out.	labels:The top 10 seem to be theirs.
text:Well, since I don't know if I'm going to be more impressed with you for a while, but I think you're going to have to tell them that you're going to feel something special about it, and you can't say anything about it, so I think you're going to look at it.	labels:What else did I see, a teenage magician?I don't think so.Like the bailiff, he was also a daughter and two sons, and the daughter was a daughter, because she was in Delaina, and then Hollywood singers and Jason Gingbo were in love.
text:God, did you tell me you saw an American movie or a national film?	labels:TV, American TV show.
text:Okay? Slowly, if you can learn to read English, not English and American, you don't have to listen to them, and then you can translate it, in the history of your English words.	labels:I don't have to study anymore.
text:The English language was used to push, if you could, but in addition to being able to understand it, you have to say the same thing about the exams.	labels:Are you going to take the exam at mid-level? Did you tell me today that it's different from middle-level and high-level?
text:I don't know much, but it's important that you learn English well when you don't go to school.	labels:He told me we were going to take this course for two years and then two years of culture.
text:Then you'll have to get ready in advance.	labels:What's a culture class?
text:Culture classes are languages, mathematics, English.	labels:That means we're in middle-level autonomy for the exam.
text:What school do you think they don't take?	labels:China doesn't care about him, he's like saying that Inkko-China has a college diploma for five years, and I really don't know how hard I've studied.
text:You're supposed to choose a profession that you say you're happy about, a profession that you're trying to work out more about your sex.	labels:He was with me without my classmates. He was in direct charge of China.
text:It's all in the paper. It's time to start school. Don't think about it.	labels:He did not seem to have proposed it when he volunteered, but he seemed to have made some comparisons with me.
text:Whatever it was, you didn't choose this school now, so if you're ready, you'll admit it.	labels:Because it's the only school that sends me an admission letter.
text:Don't be so sad, okay?I don't think so.You think I'm only going to choose this school, but all the other schools gave it to me, and I'm not going.	labels:No school will admit you to any other school.
text:Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.	labels:Because I parked in front of this school, it pulled me out.
text:It's not so good. You fill out all the schools you want.	labels:No, this is what I filled out in the first place.
text:Can I have some sneaky fun?	labels:You think.
text:Well, if you need anything later, talk to me or text me, and I can help you.	labels:Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Are you Fang Lung's mother? No, you're wrong. Okay, sorry.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello. It's Pan Chi's new mother. I'm Kim's chemistry teacher. I've had a few communications with you in the previous period, and you remember, and recently because we're about to finish our course, we'll give them a new test.I don't think so.That's 89 points, and now we're 100 points of paper.I don't think so.Yeah, when you get to the back, it'll be 60 points, because if you use 60 now, it'll be less, because it'll be less important to see which one of the students is not very good at the beginning of school, and it'll be better than doing his usual homework, but it'll be a little long, in principle an hour, and then he'll take a little time, and you'll end this week. You'll be all companies this week, won't you?I don't think so.All chemistry is one to three is Friday's last lesson. Yeah, and then the kid's words are very lively, and then thanks to the fact that our longest course of the time has brought a lot of sense to him, and then he's active in the classroom, and then the kid's kind of good, and then maybe he's a little slow about something in science, and the rest is fine.I don't think so.It's basically because he's not a fast learner, and you'll be patient with him, and he'll work with you, and you'll spend a little more time with him, and you'll be fine with everything else. Okay, well, if there's something Mom can do, you can write me a letter, or I'll send you my number because it's a company. Okay, what's the problem you're gonna have to contact me in time? Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hey, what happened to my teacher Qiu's new group, so let's make some adjustments. Next time we're going to class, we can't keep going, you know? We're going to have to follow the schedule, we're going to follow the schedule, and we're not going to have much of our new stuff before school. Then we're going to do it at home this week, and we're going to change our mind, okay? And you're going to be at home. You're going to have fun with your classmates on the site, and you're going to have fun with them.I don't think so.Okay, there's something on my phone.I don't think so.Okay, bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:You're the most passionate, energy-loving, study-loving students. Now, if the crowd who hears my voice plays in the crowd, do you want to know if it's okay or not?I don't think so.The most important moment in the world is when the most important thing to do is to do immediately. The most important is to thank everyone who has participated in my training today, every student of business school, for your presence.I don't think so.Yes.I don't think so.One moment, if you will excuse me, there was someone who, uh, I also made a simple introduction to myself, first of all, my name being Han, who is Han, who is Han, who is Han, who is Han, who is Han, who is who he is, and who is who he is, so I hope that by sharing today you will be able to reap the benefits, and I hope that you will be able to make a valuable contribution to me.I don't think so.So the topic that I shared with you today is sort of divided into a few parts, and there's a little echo. The first part is about phone marketing, and the second part is about sharing my case of responsibility, and sharing it with you. So the last part is about asking questions, and if there's a problem, we can interact in the field.I don't think so.So, first of all, I would like to talk about the first part of the issue of telephone marketing, because I first came from the college education phone, and I've been calling from the first line, and I've been calling from the first line for about three months, and then I jumped from the top four to the top four and I've done the first and the second to the top four.I don't think so.So the weekly door-to-doors could average four months or more per week, so I shared my own experience of learning and learning over the last few years with you. Today's sharing is mainly about sharing with you in a market environment like my own in Beijing. So before the formal sharing, we'd like to do a little survey, and some of our friends here are doing sales in Beijing, so please type a button to confirm whether it's good or bad. Are there any teachers in Beijing who advise on education? It seems like they're all out of town. It doesn't matter that the next sharing is officially started.I don't think so.So first of all, I'd like to talk about the location of telemarketing, because it's very critical, and I might have said something about the location of telemarketing, and I know it, but I don't really hear it, because it's probably at a very deep level of management, and I'm sharing the location of the phone marketing to be shared with you in a technical sense. Do you want to hear it?I don't think so.It's good to hear voices now, and we're starting to share them officially.I don't think so.So the first thing that comes to the location of telemarketing is because you only know how to call your parents if you've made a determination, and you only know how to invite them. That's very important. The question that many counsellors say is that there is a great ability to do so, but there is a problem if one is unable to do so, or there is a very strong ability to do so, but it is not possible to do so, or it is very good, but it is not possible to do so, and there is a contradiction between the two situations, so that in order to do so, you have to know the location of the telephone market.I don't think so.So the first thing about telemarketing is that it's called marketing and traditional sales and it's different, and the first thing that's different is that it's different.I don't think so.So, first of all, at the technical level, so many phone salesmen, including our outsiders, the counselors simply turn a phone call into a phone transaction, like when a signal comes from the neutral horse phone to the parents, and I'm the one who's going to have to come over here and pay, and you can hear me. If you can hear me, please make a call in the group.I don't think so.So, at the technical level, it's a simple phone deal, that's the sense that I've got a tutorial here, and when you come over, you think about how we're going to class, how we're going to learn, so it's wrong to call, and it's a simple phone deal.I don't think so.You see, among the members of our team, two of my counselors are going to have this problem, and you say that when he calls, he calls his parents, that's how one of us, Mr. Zhao, calls his parents, so he pulls one in a month, which means he's lucky and he's got to work hard on his own, which is what we call eating by the sky, and he calls his parents so often, that he says hi to his parents, that I'm an after-school high school in a certain school, and then he asks if the kid's weak, makes some necessary additions or enhancements, or if someone calls a teacher of a particular education, and then he asks if there's a school where the child needs to find a teacher's discipline.I don't think so.Is this the case with all of you? If you're in this situation, please type a key in the group. Let's make sure it's good or bad.	labels:Nice to meet you bye-bye.
text:There's still a lot of people. I'd like to ask you, uh, if our direct sales type calls can get more than 10 times a month at the door, please make a double-click in the group.I don't think so.In this way, I'm an educational teacher at a certain institution, and here we have any of our children who need to be mentored and strengthened, if you can go to 10 parents in a month to check it out by double-clicking.
text:Who knows.
text:And our teacher is really good at ten, and I think that's really good at it, but I'm just saying that maybe we could invite ten in the local market, but if you hit ten in a highly competitive market, in a city like Beijing, I'm not saying it's impossible, just one question, which means that you are absolutely quite hard and hard-working.I don't think so.Because direct marketing is in a market like Beijing, where it's very difficult to get 10 people in a week, and that's quite difficult. What I'm trying to say is, in fact, why is it that in our market in Beijing, uh, a lot of people are directly selling offers, because he's wrong, and he's wrong, and he's wrong, and he's wrong, and he's wrong, so what are we, uh, in the final position of phone marketing?I don't think so.It's an interview, not a statement, so our ultimate goal is to come to the door. Because there are a lot of institutions, especially in Beijing, where thousands of such counselling institutions, parents are in a state of pre-emptive sales.I don't think so.Some parents, even very interested, may still be thinking about it, sometimes parents need to compare it, so when he doesn't think about it, you talk to me all the time about coaching, you talk to me about tutoring, you talk to me all the time about tutoring, why don't they come at this time, why don't they come?I don't think so.Because he's afraid that you'll make a deal with him. So the most important thing we're calling is that your sense of aggressiveness and counseling is too strong, so the ultimate position is to call the room, not to make a statement. Because it reduces sales awareness, our ultimate goal is to get parents to come to the door first, so that parents' incentives are much higher, and how do we usually get them down?I don't think so.I said that we had a two-hour, free-of-charge teacher's experience, and if this teacher's test was useful for the child, I'd like parents to tell us more, or how I'd communicate with the parents, and I would say that if the teacher was good at this time, I'm sure that we might be taken into account when the kid was in the middle of the senior year, so parents would have to do it for us this time, so it was important to give parents enough steps in the phone call, so don't let him think that when he came, he'd just sign up, so when he didn't think about it, when he had to make a match, when he called too much, the more aggressive you would be, the less likely it would go to the door, so it would be hard to come to the door this time.I don't think so.That means that our ultimate location in the telemarketing business is a contract rather than a deal or a statement.I don't think so.If you feel that the sharing I have just given you is helpful, please make sure that it is good or not good to play a key in the group.	labels:Okay.
text:Thank you for your cooperation, and we don't know if there's one little survey I want to do. When you visit the school district, there may be a lot of interviews in every city, either audio-visual, or subject-oriented, or scientific analysis, to interact with us in the group. If you say that your interview is audio-visual, will it be good or bad?I don't think so.If your contract is audio-visual, type a key in the group, and there are fewer. If your contract is written in the group, type in the group, and type in the second, and if your contract is made in the group, type in the group.I don't think so.In every way, you're very good, if you try, if your phone calls are based on academic analysis, please give three keys to the group to confirm whether it's good or not. In every way, it's more like three days.I don't think so.It's not exactly a fixed form of solicitation, it's based on your market environment. You can say, for example, that there are big cities of this kind, especially Beijing-like cities, and that there are a lot of educational institutions that tend to go through the books or the clubs, but that's the best way to do it, actually, to touch the rocks across the river. The best way to do it is to try to get your hands on the papers, or to do a scientific analysis, or to try and listen to them, and the best way to invite them is when you can do it.I don't think so.At present, in the current circumstances in Beijing, our invitation is essentially free of charge and audio-visual.I don't think so.This is what I've been through over and over the course of the summer, including readings, including academic analyses, and I've done the best way to go to the house, mostly audio-visual, so in July, basically every month of the summer vacation, I can basically hear seven to ten, and not one of my tests, all of which are directly remedial, and the parents don't have any passengers.I don't think so.So for the time being, all of us invited to try out for this kind of parent, and he was very satisfied, and the children were very satisfied, and the teachers were satisfied, but there would also be a problem at this time, including all parents, not every one of them, giving us the money when the parents were satisfied, no one of the parents, all of them had to come home and give us their answers, so the competition in the market was particularly intense.I don't think so.Parents are satisfied, children are satisfied, and then parents say I'll come home and think about it, if I think it's appropriate. Because there are too many institutions now, it needs to be considered carefully, that is, what? We often say three encounters. If you can't even see him, you can talk to him directly on the phone.I don't think so.Maybe some teachers say that I'm selling directly right now, but my chances of coming in are still high. I can only explain one question. What's the problem?I don't think so.It would be better if you were in a big city like the one on the front line, if you were able to go to 10 doors by selling them directly for a week, a probability that would be largely difficult for anyone in Beijing to do, and if anyone could do that, it would only mean that one of them was quite diligent.I don't think so.So what does that mean?I don't think so.In this case, we must set the standard for the marketing of telephone calls, and in the end we do the interview. Since it is the interview, we must give the parents enough steps to lower their sales awareness, first of all, so that the parents can catch up with the door, not just the tutoring, when the parents come, either because they are afraid to come, or because they are afraid to pay.I don't think so.That's what I'm talking about, and that's what I'm talking about, and that's what I'm talking about, and that's why a lot of people are talking about, and that's why it's because it's because it's because it's because it's because it's because it's because it's because it's because it's because it's because it's because it's because it's because it's because it's because it's because it's because it's because it's because it's because it's wrong.I don't think so.I just saw the headmaster of Inner Mongolia ' s education, because today I think that all learning includes me personally, since learning is an exchange of views, not all of which I am right, and I can only say that if I say something that helps me, I will certainly reflect and learn, and I will have to take stock of it, and we can learn from it.I don't think so.And then there are a few more examples of a mistake in the location of the phone, so it leads to a mistake in his speech. So the second teacher makes a number of calls on the phone. Where is the problem? It's also a mistake to locate the phone. It's just the length of the phone as a measure of how good my phone is. I don't think so, because the ultimate purpose of the call is not to make an interview, it's not necessarily the longer you make a call, and he's gonna come looking, but what?I don't think so.The more you talk, the longer it takes, the harder it gets.I don't think so.So a lot of people communicate with each other on the phone, and all the communication revolves around the idea that I get parents to sign up for tutoring.I don't think so.So our teachers talk too much on the phone, and he explains to his parents that other institutions are full-time teachers, that we are all working teachers, that there are more offensive words, that there are more sensitive words, that at this time it is more aggressive, that parents are very afraid, and so on, that in a market like Beijing, including your credit analysis, not too much, just so long as you do, because the more you talk, the more you think about it, the more you think about it, the more you think about it.I don't think so.All you're talking about is trying to convince parents to sign up, sell and attack, so it's hard for parents to come in at this point, which is the second example I'll share with you. Uh, if you think I've been sharing a little bit more useful for you, check it out at two points in the group.	labels:For me.
text:Thank you, so that's too much to say. That's too much to control the telephone market. In an environment like Beijing, it's, uh, a reason why people don't come in.I don't think so.Because you have to look at the parents, and if the parents are very interested and willing to talk to you about it, you can talk to him properly, but don't talk about it too much, because the more we talk about it, the lower the chances of going to the door.I don't think so.You have to take it properly from the point of view of the parents themselves, but not at a decisive psychological stage, when you talk too much to him, when you talk too much to him in order to keep the phone market, so he's afraid to come at this time. It's also because you're wrong about the marketing of telephones, because you talk too much and the words are sensitive, so parents are afraid to come at this time.I don't think so.There is also a case in which a market counselor like Beijing, consciously and consciously on the phone, tries to exploit the needs of parents, and then uses the words of parents, so what's the characteristic of his parents in Beijing at this time? He's very direct, and the more you ask him questions, the more he thinks you want to make a deal with him, and the more the parents are supposed to be in the form of visiting Thailand and protecting themselves from that mentality at this time.I don't think so.I've been in touch with a lot of other cities at the earliest, like the ocean, or the long spring, so you can either dig in demand according to your marketing skills and procedures, or you can deal with objections, or you can check in at this time, but it's very shallow when parents talk to their parents as opposed to the Beijing market, but one of the characteristics of Beijing's market parents is very direct, and the more you ask, the more normal it is, the more you think it is, the more normal it is, the better it is, the better it is, the better it is, the better it is, the better it is, the better it is, the better it is, if it's in a competitive environment like Beijing.I don't think so.So in a situation like Beijing, it's really not so difficult, it's so simple, it's so simple, it's just how many years after one of our schools has been set up, there's a two-hour free teacher experience class, inviting the child to attend, and then, if the parent wants to ask him directly which lesson his children want, how much do you get, what are the requirements for the teacher's men and women, or what is the teacher's age?I don't think so.When I set up the teacher, I'll tell you the exact time, and if it's good for the kids, I'd like you to give us a little publicity, which is very simple. You don't need to dig into the needs of your clients, you don't need to do more scientific analysis, because the parents in Beijing are very direct, but the phone calls are completely different from the market environment and the situation in each region. You have to summarize this, so what I'm trying to say?I don't think so.Sometimes the more you ask your parents on the phone, the more he thinks you're doing what he's saying, the more you talk to him, the more parents fear that they'll make a deal with you out of fear, that they won't let you know about him, that's why they won't let you come at this time because you're in the wrong place or because you're in the wrong place, because your attacker's too conscious.I don't think so.He's not stupid, so what does every test, every discipline, every lecture, mean? It's signed up, what does it mean, but you've got enough to give him a step under the wall, what does it mean? If I can come, you can think about it if it's bad.I don't think so.So in a market environment like Beijing, where business people have been analysing too many subjects and asking too many questions about parents, parents are in a state of preparedness and he is afraid to come, so what is the correct way to invite them?I don't think so.We don't have to do much discipline analysis, just tell him that this week's 15th anniversary we have a two-hour, free teacher experience, and invite the child to attend, free of charge. If the parents are interested, I'll ask his children what they want to hear, what they want, how old they are, how old they are, what time it is, and we'll tell you when we're done. If it helps the children, I'd like you to give us a little publicity.I don't think so.If you feel that my sharing has helped you just now, and if it has helped a little bit, please make three confirmations in the group.I don't think so.And the third one, thank you for your encouragement.I don't think so.The third common example of a telephone marketing error, which often occurs in speech, is that some operators can change parents' minds easily on the phone, so this time it is also a phone marketing error, and the location is misdefined, uh, for what reason?I don't think so.Because what he did was to change his parents' minds, that is, when you came, I had to let you do it, or at least when I gave my parents the impression that I did it, that's a mistake.I don't think so.So what do you say? We do a little interaction, some parents say you're wrong. I think class is better than one-on-one. What do you say if you meet a parent like that?I don't think so.Well, every teacher has his own ideas, and some Mr. Wu says that parents are not saying how good a class is, but that it's cheap, that class is popular, that one-on-one is more specific, that the child has been taught a great class before, that the child has a good foundation, that he has to be accepted before the subject is analysed. What do you mean by that?I don't think so.In the phone call process, our sense of attack, we can't be too strong with every word of guidance, because what we've just called about our location is an interview, not a deal, if all your language is too aggressive, and parents are afraid to come at this time.I don't think so.In terms of attitude, parents prefer to make their own decisions and not to be forced to do so, so when you go to defeat their parents in offensive language in your language, their self-esteem is frustrated, so he cannot come to the house at this time.I don't think so.So, according to what we've just said about the location of the phone, the interview is not a statement, so we must not change the mind of the parents during the phone call, and we must try to follow the parents' thinking, which is to analyse them indirectly.I don't think so.So what I usually say is, I don't say whether he's right or wrong, or whether he's right or wrong, and I say to the parents, and I say that parents are like this, and it's not the same for every parent. So why do they learn one-on-one? Because some parents think one-on-one is more focused, including one-on-one, and do the children focus, including every look in your ears, and do you understand?I don't think so.In addition, it is a positive one-on-one approach, and some parents may learn better, and I will communicate with parents through this persuasion, including a weaker marketing awareness, that respects their self-esteem, so that parents can accept your language and thus allow them to develop their own thinking.I don't think so.So you've been changing the way he says you're a parent, and one-on-one is more efficient, and you've got to change your mind when you call your parents, which means that if you say a thousand dollars, my kids don't want me to go to school, that's what it means, so it's also a mistake in the location of the phone, not to target the interview, but to change the parents' perception and give them a sense of counselling.I don't think so.So now in our market in Beijing, there are many institutions, including excellent education, including great-minded education, and other education, and now all small and medium-sized enterprises in Beijing, how do they do it? It is generally divided into three, because it is impossible to compare to big basics, big ones, big ones, good ones, or good ones, and they do the market mainly through such networks or the media.I don't think so.So there are three most important ways for small agencies to do the market, the first is through text-message marketing, where 80 per cent of the turnover is basically through text-message, but now, because of the relatively tightness of the Beijing mobile companies, the text-message is basically not allowed to do it for three months, so now most of the small Beijing-based agencies are doing it by calling and inviting their parents, and the individual agencies may do some newspaper or a relatively small amount of Internet promotion, but not 10 per cent of the turnover generated by a newspaper or Internet promotion, so that's why, for small institutions, it's basically through text-writing, through some of these small networks, but it's very low performance, so now most of the small Beijing-sized agencies are doing it by phone, so it's all about what they do, and it's about what they's called him, and there's usually a very limited number of calls, but if I'm in a school district, it's two to do two to three part-time interviews, and then it's a much more professional screening.I don't think so.And, uh, why is it that in my call for a part-time teacher, a new person has no training but to lose 10 minutes in the phone call process, he can go to the door for three, and we have a team of teachers who work longer than me, four years, three years, and have a very deep record, and not one in a month, and it's normal that two or three or one of them go to Beijing a month and it's perfectly normal, but a new part-time job has not gone through any training and has not gone through any of this kind of study, but what reason would I let him go to the door three times a week for a short period of 10 minutes?I don't think so.It's because she doesn't know about any subject analysis, he doesn't know anything about questioning, he doesn't know anything about parents, it's simply telling parents about free video lessons, then two hours, which you want to listen to, and then arrange, so why it's higher because it's on the right track, it's on the right track, it's on the right track, it's on the right side, it's on the right side, it's on the right side, it's on the right side, it's on the right side, it's on the right side, it's on the right side, it's on the right side, it's on the right side, it's on the right side, it's on the right side, it's on the right side.	labels:So.
text:That is why a new person who has no experience but can go to the door three times because he did not have any offensive language, no sense of counselling, enough steps for parents to come at this time, in other words, to say that his telephone marketing was mispositioned, rather than to give you an analysis of what we have in the field, and then to listen to it free of charge, rather than to be aggressive.I don't think so.I've just done these little sharings, because frankly, I've been sharing today, and I haven't been prepared enough to be home every night, just live. If you think that I've just been on the market, if you'd like to know if it's good or bad, just give me four keys in the group to make sure it's not good?I don't think so.Well, thank you, so that's what I'm talking about, and I repeat, that phone marketing is ultimately an interview, but it's a deal or a statement.I don't think so.So the more you're on the phone, the more aggressive you're going to be, the more supportive you're going to be, the more likely it's going to be that parents won't be able to come.I don't think so.So the right way to market the phone must be enough steps for the parents, because in my phone call, I just need to be sure that one is enough, I just need to be sure that the parents have an intention, and I need to be sure that the best way to ask questions is indirect, and that only the parents need to be determined that they have an intention, and he will sign if the parents want to go and you have enough consulting skills to do so.I don't think so.Because parents' consciousness is innate, it must have something to do with their own consciousness and their own ideas, so it's not through your words that you convince me to grow up on the phone.Talker 5.Home.
text:I don't want a child to sign up. You'll have to put me on the phone at this time, so parents won't be able to sign up at this time, so it's innate, he's innate, so what do I have to judge from all the parents up there?I don't think so.It's enough to judge that parents are aware of counselling, so what happens next? I'll try to get an offer. I don't talk to you about any tutoring, but I'm sure as long as parents come in, it's the location of the phone, it's the location, it's the exact location, and it's only at that point that you have the kind of access, which is the technical level.I don't think so.The second is simply to say, at the strategic level, that many institutions simply recruit as telephones while ignoring how to go to the market, so that is why a school district has been unable to perform, because the resources that the market does are the resources that the parents seek, the resources that they do, and the quality of those resources is bound to be higher. On the contrary, the resources that we call for are likely to become more difficult, and if you do, you need to follow them for a long time before you can come back.I don't think so.So that's the question of the location of the phone marketing that I shared, so we're going to do an interaction, and if there's any problem, we're going to do it, and if there's no problem, we're going to do the next topic, and we're going to do the most important thing, and we're going to do it together, and if there's a problem, we're going to do it on the platform, or we're going to do it, or we're going to do it, or we're going to do it, or we're going to do it, or we're going to do it, or we're going to do it, or we're going to do it, if there's a problem, or we're going to do it, or we're going to do it, or we're going to do it, or we're going to do it, or we're going to do it, or we're going to do it, or we's going to do it.Talker 5.We should thank you.I don't think so.Who knows.Talk to the 6th.Who knows. Okay.
text:So, because of the timing, I'm going to go down and say, if there's a problem, you can leave a message, because the time below is a little tight.I don't think so.So if I'm going to say to you, how does a caller judge his strengths and weaknesses, and what type of phone salesman has the better quality of calling because everyone may think differently, then I say to myself, I think the most important ability to market electricity first must have data screening skills, that is, I'm going to give you 100,000 performances this week, so first you need to know from which school or in which grade you're going to be able to do that, so at this point you have to have some data screening skills, how do I do that?I don't think so.You say, for example, that we're in Beijing, where I'm promoted, where all our target clients for four months are basically locked in these schools, the first being called 50th, the second 50th Middle School, the third 11th, the fourth 119th, the fifth is 11th and the fourth is among them.I don't think so.So, in all the phone calls, where we really perform is basically concentrated in these schools, so if you want to do it, you have to know which school you're going to go through, because it's very difficult for some good schools to call, and you may have a month or 10 days or a week, and you may not be close enough, so if you want a certain amount of access, you must have a certain ability to screen the data.I don't think so.So the simplest way to sift the data is if you use 100 or 200 data tests to see if his connection rate is high or low for parents, which is the simplest and most efficient way.I don't think so.And the second is how you do your client screening, and the second is how you do your grade, because it's not the same as every grade, you take our current ginseng teaching, you take our current ginseng school district, you have the resources for all our high school and junior high school data, and it's best to concentrate on junior high. Why?I don't think so.Because the first parent has enough awareness, and the second because the second year is the latest data in the current Beijing market, its data is the most accurate, and the number of each father's mother's number is very accurate. Then, on the contrary, the other grades, for example, in the first year, the whole of a senior, if they are accurate, should have about 20,000 students in the whole of Beijing, but only 7,000 or 8,000 of our available data resources, and more than 10,000 data are non-existent.I don't think so.Because this data is four years ago, the accuracy of the data is very crucial, and my whole number for every parent in my senior year, and the number for every parent in my senior year, which is only half or half more or half more, is not, so it's one of the reasons why it's different. And because it's not accurate, and we have more students in our neighborhoods, so many of these have a lot of home-to-home numbers, so what do you mean?I don't think so.You have to be sure, and that's what we're talking about. Only if you have a good data screening capability, but if your data is not good, your data quality is bad. I'm sure it's a master's level that lets him call.I don't think so.It's because the judgment of the intended client can improve your number of calls and your efficiency.I don't think so.Some parents talk to you well, but they don't want you to talk to him for half an hour, so that's the difference in the speed rate, that's the number you can't guarantee, so you really can't guarantee it up there.I don't think so.So, the best way to detect parents' intentions is to ask questions, but to ask questions about a technique. In the process of asking questions, you try to be aware of what we're talking about as well as what you're saying about phone marketing. You have to do an interview. You don't want parents to feel too strong. So you have to ask them indirectly at this point. You can't tell him directly.I don't think so.So the best way to judge the intended client is to ask indirect questions, to ask questions, to try to change the language to another, to make the parents feel that you are not very conscious, and I might say so. I say that the parents, our new classmates, have you talked to his class leader and tell him alone during the summer break, and I will try to detect whether the parents have any intentions in this regard through this kind of marketing consciousness.I don't think so.The parents who so deliberately told you, he said that we wanted to have a tutoring class outside, and I believe that if the parents said so, at least he would have been aware of it, or if the parents had said so, we could have at least been able to follow it.I don't think so.If you can hear me, it's not a good idea to have an opinion on this platform.
text:This meeting.	labels:Okay.
text:Thank you for your cooperation.I don't think so.The third is that there is a relatively simple set of data, with a certain capacity for learning and summing up, as we often say, because training this thing is in itself an educational student and I am not a special professional, so I achieve today's achievements through my own continuous learning and summing up.I don't think so.Although I am very strong, at least as much progress as I used to be, learning and summing up are very strong, and it is impossible for us to learn what others have at least learned and learned from what they have been useful to me.I don't think so.Because a good training does not mean that everyone's words are very satisfactory to you, and as long as 60% are satisfied with you, I think that even a successful training, because everyone has different ideas, wise people have different ideas, wise people have different ideas, and good people have different ideas, so it's very difficult to say that you have to be able to fully meet other people's demands. This is the third thing I'm thinking about is that you have to be able to do a good phone and that's your ability to learn and sum up. Then number four must have some capacity for data analysis, that's why you're not good, you're not good, you're not good, and you must learn simple data analysis.I don't think so.So, a simple reference to a professional noun, called reflection, is the overall performance of a school district, which consists of four parts, the first is an effective resource volume, the second is an invitation rate, the third is a signing rate, and the fourth is a single one.I don't think so.So let's not talk about it today, just to be brief, just to say that I was talking about having four of these more important capabilities, but that might be a lot more, but I think that at least these four points are more important to me.I don't think so.The next thing I say is to share the basic skills of telephone marketing, your effective resources, the invitation rate, the signing rate, and the ability to make one of the four phone calls that I just spoke about, so the fourth thing I tell you is the basic skills of telephone marketing, which I share with you simply, and then I share them in the form of a case, which I am 97,542, and a list of 101,200, and because I am not fully prepared, I have more meetings these past two days, and I share them with you in the form of a case.I don't think so.So the next topic that I think is more important is the basic skills of telemarketing, which is the skills of our real-world sales. So the marketing patterns that are often done in Chinese businesses are rough, and, uh, when we're doing marketing, we're doing it on the basis of one or two people's abilities in a campus, so what do I call it?I don't think so.It's called art marketing, which is called roughing, so a real big business is called a railing, and we say that 90% of art and 10% of science are in art, so that now 90% of art should be reduced to 50% of art, and 10% of management to 50% of management, which would be more systematic if one could balance one another. What does that mean?I don't think so.It doesn't matter that people go, at least my system is still in operation.I don't think so.So let's share a few marketing models, uh, big business marketing models, Ibm marketing models that can find heroes better, Ibm marketing models that I can't find heroes, and I want ordinary people to create extraordinary performances, so McDonald's marketing models are first-class, second-class management systems, third-class employees, so I think this is worth updating for each of us.I don't think so.So we're going to turn the rough meat into a fine sale, and we're going to give you an example of how we're going to make a fine sale of phones, and we're going to set up a standardized marketing system.I don't think so.So, for example, if you're going from Shanghai to Beijing, if you're going to drive a few or so times, you're going to go through Nanjing first, then you're going to Xuzhou, then Xuzhou is going to Jinan, and you're going to the last state and Tianjin or Beijing.I don't think so.If I say that the total number of kilometres from Shanghai to Beijing is 1,500, then from Shanghai to Nanjing accounts for 300 km of my journey, and from Shanghai to Nanjing for 20% of my success. If speaking of 600 km from Xuzhou City, 40% of my 1,500 km, the more likely it will be, the more successful it will be.I don't think so.So what's the second step? So we're going to make it clear at every stage, so that our mission is very clear, for example, by driving from Shanghai to Nanking, so I'm going to have a car full, and if I'm going to have a driver's license for the second, so we're going to have a very clear line of work, so if we're going to do it, then we're going to have a lot of phone marketing, and he's a lot of phone marketing, and he's very confused, so there's no clear definition of every stage, and many people are going to come to the door just after the opening of the phone, so it's very rough, so it's not really a book, but I'm going to write my own book, but I'm going to call myself a phone sales dragon, and this is my own set of things, and this is more professional and systematic than we've talked about, but I'm actually very clear of myself, and there's actually less of what I's really developed.I don't think so.So what's the first seven Tianlongs called telephone marketing are called opening remarks, digging after openings, after demand is over, then conducting a discipline analysis, after analysis of our products or services, which is called solutions, and then when the solution is over, our parents will have this relative suspicion, when your price teachers are at a distance from us to deal with our objections, and when we're done, we're going to have a deal confirmation, and when we're done, we're going to have a final follow-up process, so it's a complete system of telephone marketing, called Tianlong 7.I don't think so.So, let me just say one thing for you, after the opening statement, and then we go on to talk about our one-part sharing, which I've been in Beijing for a few years now, and the best thing I can do in the Beijing market, which is not that I'm feeling it, which I'm doing it by numbers, including my experience, which I've learned from the actual battle, why the audio-visual value of the audio-visual is higher than the audio-visual value, whether it's a skipper or really in demand, because one or two hours of a course is more direct, and two hours is worth almost 700 dollars at the price of two hours in Beijing, so even if you listen to it at least once, it's worth more, first, it's worth more, so it's a few times higher at this time.I don't think so.And the second point is that many parents, because sometimes parents in Beijing may also be such teachers, are the teachers of the first-line teachers who work in which school, which is their name, and in order to avoid even greater doubt in this regard, we use the process of trying to make parents less suspicious of such teachers.I don't think so.So this teacher taught me well, and you don't know I'm not sure I'm sure, so when I come over, parents will put on a process to reduce the number of lions if they're satisfied at the very least with their teachers.I don't think so.The third advantage is that it is closer to the needs of the parents, because the parents who want it are also against the future of the teachers. So, if I need it, I think, if I want it, why do I think it's closer to the needs, because parents who have parents who want it are really selfish.I don't think so.So the next thing you know, it's called an opening statement, and I'm going to give you an opening statement if I call myself.I don't think so.First of all, I'm going to give you my own phone call, then I'm going to share my phone call, and I'm going to say there's a parent. I'm going to say hi to your parents, and I'm going to be the teacher of some kind of education. So, let's celebrate the 15th anniversary this week in some of our education, with a two-hour, free teacher's experience class, and then our kids, because there's a couple of classmates, like Mantao or Rainwood, we're all students, and they say there's more physico-chemos in the school, and then there's more problems for our kids, so let's bring the kids here for a free trial, which is one.I don't think so.One of the first words I used in my frequent phone calls was that of Jing Jingxing's parents, I'm the teacher of some kind of education. Hello, parents who celebrate the fifteenth anniversary this week of one of our education, have a two-hour, free-of-charge, teacher experience class, and invite Jing Jing Jing to come here for free. Because after this, you have to listen to your parents' reactions, because every time you stop, you have to let a parent have a short pause for a few seconds in each of the sessions. What is the purpose of the pause?I don't think so.The point is, first of all, if the parents are really willing to listen to you, and if he is willing to listen to you, then you go on, and if you're not willing to listen to someone who wants to do anything about it, then the chances of hanging out may be higher at this time, so listen to the reactions of parents in every sentence, and this is the 15th anniversary of the founding of one of our schools, and there is a two-hour free teacher experience course, which invites one of our classmates to attend free of charge.I don't think so.If the parents are willing to listen to you at this time, we will continue to talk to him.I don't think so.Because today they have several students, such as Zhao Lintao, Wang Yuteng, who are our students, said that there are more science subjects in the school, with an average of more than 70 points, and that our children are more likely to encounter problems, so that you can bring them to the school free of charge and free of charge.I don't think so.So, first of all, what are the four elements in my opening statement, because why do I have to say the four elements? Because after you're the only four to say, at least your thinking is very clear, giving parents a different feeling, you say the four elements, including what? Who am I, who am I, and why am I calling today? What is the purpose of my call today?I don't think so.What's the second reason I'm calling today? The third one I'm calling today, and the fourth one is called Open Questions. So I'm going to analyze it in conjunction with what I just said. Hello, parents.I don't think so.The second is that we are celebrating, for example, the 15th anniversary of the founding of the National Academy of Philosophy, with a two-hour free teacher experience course, inviting children to attend it free of charge, and why should we say that?I don't think so.That's what your answer is for.Talk to the 7th.The purpose of the 15th anniversary is to add that phrase.
text:As I said earlier, we're talking about marketing, not coaching, rather than being aggressive, and we must be less aggressive.Talk to the 7th.So the point is to add it.
text:It's not that I'm a little less aware of sales, and it's not that we have such an event to get you to sign up and then give you an audition, but that's why we have such a free-of-charge teacher experience, not that it's always available, so that we can reduce our sales consciousness and avoid parents being afraid to come, and that's what I understand. That's what I'm calling today. So the advantage and value of my calling today is that we have a two-hour, free-of-charge teacher experience class that requires our children to come here for free.I don't think so.Of course, this benefit and value can be described in greater detail, so it can be shaped in packaging, because in the first place, I have been shaped and packaged by the words of the book, and I will be able to explain to the teacher of the book the number of pages of the book, including its contents, that the purpose of simple packaging and packaging is to attract parents to the door.I don't think so.Of course, the papers don't talk about phone calls, and this is a two-hour class of celebrity experience, and this is the value and benefit of phone calls. So the last thing that's called development is that our kids are more difficult, and you can have them here free of charge, which is a whole way of opening up.I don't think so.So what is the question that should be noted in the opening remarks? The first is to avoid you being too aggressive, and there are too many words about coaching, retrenchment, and one-on-one.I don't think so.Because it's normal, it's no exaggeration for one parent to listen to four classes a day, and it's normal for one parent to take seven to eight calls a day, and it's normal for one parent to listen to four classes a day, because when I call today, it's nice for you to think about it, because it's very, very normal for the afternoon school, so it's very good for a family to try two classes, so this time when you're too aggressive, or when you're tutoring one word for another, the first one is less offensive language.I don't think so.So I'm always saying the word "free" on the phone, but it's a two-hour free teacher's experience course in a school that we know how to set up, inviting children to come here for free, and if the children help us, you can help us promote that the idea of attacking is not too strong, which is a question of the location of the phone.I don't think so.The second is that your tone is very crucial, why there are more girls in general who can call now, because they're more magnetic and penetrating, so when you're sad and you're in a better mood, it's very different when you're in a better mood, so your tone of call, your voice, your depression, that's very important, so we have to practice the sound of the call.I don't think so.So the third attitude has to be one that is actually the tone of the tone, that is, the manner in which calls must be made.I don't think so.Then the fourth call was as brief as possible, not as long as the parents were not patient enough to listen to you, and then I went on to give an example, and then I simply said that the more effective way of opening up was actually the most effective of this person's phone-based approach, so that direct marketing calls would be very difficult, not to say no, but very difficult, if you were to come up here and sell it by weight.I don't think so.In the first case, you should have a full understanding of the background of this school, which means, for example, that I'm playing school today, and I'm playing 59, so that there are 120 people in two classes, so that Li Li can still make it to the top seven in two classes, so physico-chemistry is probably at 30-50 to 50-50 for the top three in the whole class, so parents generally reflect that the level of science teachers is quite poor.I don't think so.So the more you know about this school, the more you know about it, the more you trust it when it's clear to your parents, the more you can get it in. Why is it that some parents want to call you and ask you if they need it? He says he doesn't need it, because you've got a lot of stuff that you can't get in, so the ultimate purpose of our opening statement is to get it in, so I'll listen to you.I don't think so.You say, for example, that I may have been talking to my parents this way during the phone call process, and I say that my parents were in our class because their usual classmates were in our class, when his father called the army, his father was a police officer in the East Side, his mother was a civil servant in the country, and Fan only got 34 points in the exam, so what was the purpose of this?I don't think so.It's easier to build trust and find better ways, so in the phone call process, you can communicate with parents in real cases or in real cases, and I think it might be more efficient to do it directly. Some teachers say that something might be more sensitive and normal, but in fact, if you look at a parent's reaction, and if I've been doing it for so long, all of these cases that I've made are real, and no parents say feedback about trouble or anything.I don't think so.No, because that's what I'm talking about. We're real. We don't have any water.I don't think so.So if you're trying to sell your class directly, I suggest that the background of the school, including the success of your school with our tutors and the parents, be as careful as possible, it would be better, if the more detailed the better, if some teachers say our name is not convenient, you could just say this classmate or which one of them, you could say a little euphemism, and I would say it very white today.I don't think so.If you have any questions in the future, you can reach this platform and we can interact together.I don't think so.Then let's see if there's anything we need to ask here, what's the point? Let's interact.I don't think so.Well, some of the teachers just asked about the focus of the next intake, the focus of the admissions, and actually I think that we're in the current market in Beijing, where we're in two or two colleges, where parents are probably more conscious or in the first year, and I think it's all possible, because, after all, it's summer vacations, and it's based on specific admissions, because it's difficult to call, and perhaps our daily admissions, for example, we're in the market, and maybe we're in the second grade, but when you're really calling, you're probably doing better, and that's not really a very regular one, what's the reason?I don't think so.Because the fight itself is difficult.I don't think so.If I'm going to be the best 200 million cadets on both sides of the border, I'm sure it's going to have to be fought, because it's summer break, and I don't think there's much difference at this age, and I'm going to see if it's true when parents come here for audio-visual reasons.I don't think so.But if you're a more professional phone salesman, first of all, in the audio-visual, and you're actually quite sure of his intentions, are you really interested in him?I don't think so.In fact, as far as I've been doing today, although I've been invited, if there's any intention on the part of the parents, if there's one who comes to class, if it's basically one of my calls, it'll be very clear, so if I try to talk to him in an hour, then I'll be here in an hour. Why?I don't think so.Because there are places where a full-time teacher measures a certain amount of money, so in order to control this cost, he may listen to one hour, another when our own teacher can do a subject analysis on our own. If there is a parent who wants to do this, I suggest two hours. Why? Because in the first hour, you can simply do some cushioning and communication with your parents. What are the methods, methods, if any?I don't think so.If you're trying for two hours, and if you're interested, I'll call the kid in an hour. I'll tell the parents in advance. I'll ask the parents about the feedback. If the feedback is better for the parents, we'll keep the kids going. So what do I talk to the parents about?I don't think so.If in an hour, then I'll probably find a way to do the tests and spend the rest of my class paying the children to continue with my parents to get a deposit or talk about the part of the class.I don't think so.So this is what I'm going to say, so we're going to go back and forth. The third is why you're not getting enough, because the first is that you have a lower number and a lower number. The second is that you don't do a lot of people, and why it's a smaller number, because you don't do that when you don't call, and you don't know which grade or school you're going to do it.I don't think so.The third call is not for too much purpose, and the call is not for too much purpose.I don't think so.The fourth is that the client resources must be classified, and the parents must be classified with you in the near future and in the short term in two days. If you are not properly classified, you can follow them in a timely fashion. If the other parent is sure to be able to follow them, follow them, and maybe the teacher is in a hurry, then let us share the day before yesterday, because I talked about two hundred thousand in July, 101,200 in the first list and 97,542 in the second, because the meeting was particularly busy, so I'll tell you in the form of a case, which is actually easy, because there are many details and processes in the middle, and sometimes you can't remember so much money, and I'll share the main thing, and if you have questions or want to interact, you can do it on the platform.I don't think so.So let's share a list of 10.1 million of these, which is not so big, because he is a little class, a little class, and a little class together, so that this student is a student in second grade, including parents who introduce two children to a previous class, and this class comes from the whole, and actually I think there are so many things, the first is about parents' consciousness, the second is about parents' economic strength, so it must be about how much the three sides combined with the real big list and what the important ingredients are.I don't think so.This list, which I'm a senior, is a long way away from school. The internship is in Beijing. It's in Beijing. It's in a district-focused school. It's probably in the seventh place. It's in the seventh place. In the first place, it's in the first place, it's in the second place, it's in the second place, it's in the second place, it's in the second place, it's in the second place, it's in the second place, it's in the second place, it's in the second place, it's in the second place, it's in the second place, it's in the second half of May, it's in the second half, it's in the second half, it's in the second half of July, it's in the second half.I don't think so.Is it better now? Is it better now?I don't think so.Okay, I said slow, so the first phone communication between parents was on May 29, and on May 29, when they learned about the score, the English word was 50, 60, and then too much was less, because the parents were not too much.I don't think so.I remember one time, when I called him on May 29, when my parents were waiting for an audition, and the parents on the subway were shaking the next morning, and now he says we're teachers, we're teachers, we're kids, we're busy today, we're not listening, we're stuck. Is it better now, maybe the Internet signal is bad?I don't think so.So I told my parents that the first phone call was on May 29th, May 29th, he was 70 points chemically, 50, 60 points English, 100 points full, and after I finished one call, it was probably Thursday Wednesday, and, uh, I invited him for 10 days on Saturday.I don't think so.Are you feeling better now?I don't think so.I said slow down.I don't think so.So when he called on Wednesday, when I got here on Saturday, he texted me before I took the subway, saying that the teacher had something to do with our kids, and then you canceled it, and you couldn't think about it, because we were under a lot of pressure and stress, and I know that I'm calling back, and in fact, for a lot of these cases, parents have agreed, and that's a lot lower, and it's lower, and then I'm calling you because we don't have a full-time teacher, right?I don't think so.So all serving teachers come from school.Talk to the 7th.Look.
text:I see this time, because the teacher's words are easier for him to speak, and the teacher can understand, and we can understand you anyway, but can't you take care of the teacher's time for this one, because each time he attends, he postpones the other students' classes a little earlier, and today's teacher talks very well, no matter how hard the teacher can understand you, but can you come and listen to the teacher's time, so you can tell him, because I'm not too strong and sometimes you're too eager to come, and you're a little sick, so I gave him this kind of detection, and after the tests, the parents are more determined, so why don't we go?I don't think so.It must have been clear to the parents that he didn't think clearly at first, because he knew he was coming to try to get a satisfactory sign-up, so the parents didn't come, they didn't come, and they kept calling to follow up. I just called on May 29 and called again a few days after Saturday, and then I called again on June 4 and waited until summer break, and he said I called on June 11, and I called again on June 18, and I wanted to wait until the final exam, so I followed up like this for a long time, and the principal agreed to come by and try again on July 20, and it's not clear, is it?I don't think so.Well, how do you say that every time I follow up, it's just that I must not be too focused and tell him that this week's 15th anniversary we have a two-hour free two-hour visit, and that this is a time to ask the child to come here free of charge, for example, because I've learned in advance that it's not so good that I might be able to tell a few cases on the phone, and we have a couple of teachers who teach some of the school's children, or which one of them, how many points, how many points, how many points, so that the child can feel it.I don't think so.Because we are also teaching teachers this time free of charge, and if we say yes, help us promote it, or if the children need to come back to us later in their senior year, it's basically audio-visual, but it's still more aggressive and purpose-oriented than it is. It's basically this idea to keep parents in check.I don't think so.So at the end of the day, on the 20th of July, when we showed him and made a good video, the parents were one-on-one, and then the parents left, and I set him at 4:00 p.m. on the 22nd of February, before 4:00 p.m., and then the parents called before 4:00. He said he said that you had class, and he said that if one-on-one, our kids wouldn't learn, and we didn't want to learn one-on-one because we called, right?I don't think so.The ultimate goal must be to come to the door, so whether it's a class or a class, we must all say it is, because only when an invitation is made will there be a chance to negotiate.I don't think so.So I say we all have one-on-one, we have one-on-one, we have one-on-one, we have one-on-one, I say you can have the kids wait if you want this afternoon, and if he says this, I've got two other kids with me. Can you hear me now?I don't think so.If you can hear it, you can confirm it.I don't think so.Thank you, so the parents came by at 4:00 that afternoon, so after 4:00, the parents said something to me, and he said he said you'd find me a teacher this time, and if you want to find a seat with me, you'll find me a good teacher, and you'll have to find a working teacher. What does a parent really mean?I don't think so.This time, it must have been a report, and this time the chances of making a deal are high. Why? Because of the time of the phone call, the parents give me a meaning at this point, tell me what it means. The parents must have signed up when he came, and it's my feeling that if the teacher tried not to fail, the parents would have made a decision today, so the parents' phone would have been very clear.I don't think so.So when the parents came, because he said that the teacher had brought three children, he brought me a simple chill with a couple of children, and I said three children, and I said three of you had a joke, and I said all of you were so big, and I said that he was a warmer place than he was in Asia, right? A little chat with the kid, a little bit too far and a little too hard, and then he could go twice as much, introduce each other, and then simply communicate with the kid 300.I don't think so.It was very strong when I discovered it.I don't think so.I'd like to exercise, so I'd like to compliment myself at this time.Talk to the 8th.I said you weren't.
text:I said three were too big, and, uh, then when his mother came, his mother was leaving, and he said that you were like letting our children listen, actually me, or after the trial, I would try. If I wasn't going to be able to make a decision, I would probably let him go, because at this point I just thought that the parents who walked away from Beijing or the market, and that there was only one parent who actually came back, and there was basically no one else who could make a deal for me for the first time, and I would wait until the second time, so the parents would tell me that he's the teacher and you.Talk to the 8th.That way first.
text:Listen first, then I'll do it, and then I'll try it and I'll go.Talk to the 8th.Can we talk about three kids?I don't think so.He doesn't have any money either.
text:So I'm just trying to turn around with him.I don't think so.I told my teacher I'd get back to you. I found a reason. I told my parents that they could give back to you, but the parents' words were determined to be early.Talk to the 8th.He said he didn't want me at this time.
text:There's no other way, so we'll have to get him back.I don't think so.Then before you try to hear it.Talk to the 8th.For.
text:The odds are higher, the odds are higher, and the best thing to do is to get in touch with the teachers and students, so that the chances of success are higher.I don't think so.So when the three children came, each of them made a headline table, how much did you score for your grades, how much did he take for his undergraduate degree, and this had to be registered, and the purpose of the registration was to have an understanding and an understanding.I don't think so.Because if your foundation is so poor, if your teacher's experience isn't special, or if your teacher's not well prepared, I'll tell you at 50 points, and his kid won't understand. Can you hear me now?I don't think so.Okay, so I'm going to make this deal with the teacher in advance, so when I'm just finished with the student registration form, all three kids have scores.Talk to the 8th.One.
text:They include physics, English and chemistry, which are basically 40 or 50 quintessential levels.I don't think so.So I can also tell what kind of question it is, including because it has a lower score, so I asked them a few questions and asked them a few questions.Talk to the 8th.He's in class state.
text:Isn't he less skilled? I'll ask you a few questions.Talk to the 8th.For example, you can hear what you're talking about in class.
text:Do you understand me?Talk to the 8th.Right? Or normally you do.
text:Is there anything you can do in the process? Can you do it yourself? Because three students, including his answers, including the answer, say he can't do it or what he says he doesn't understand.I don't think so.So at this point, I've figured out the basis of safety, and it must be special, because it can be seen in its own scores, so when I get to know the basis, then I get to know the three children's well-being about this personality, and through my personality, I say, what is your class director like at school?I don't think so.Is it live or heavy?I don't think so.They'll give me a lot of information, so I don't like to listen to him, so the feedback from the three students is basically one of those special sunshines, and the three kids are more picky about the teachers in the school, and I know one of those messages, so I'll get to two points when I'm with the teacher, the first one is a weak base, and the first one is a weak one, and you'll give it to him at this time, because you're going to give him the simplest, even one plus one to two, because it's hard for you to say to him, and he's not happy with what he doesn't understand, so the first class is going to give him the simplest thing, so you get to the teacher, and the other three of them are 50 points, and I'm sure he's got a little bit of knowledge, one-and-a-half of it's not systematic.I don't think so.So if at this point you're saying that you're just talking to him, and the kids are not going to change the number of questions, so I think it's best to focus on the point of knowledge and start with the simple point of knowledge, so that's what I'm going to give the teacher, because sometimes I tell you that this teacher is supposed to take care of, and then whatever the student, I'm going to say it my way, so the chances of failure are higher at this time, so I'm going to give him a few points about what his teacher said, and that's the first point.I don't think so.The second point is that, in the course of the teacher's lecture, I will tell him that the three children's excursions, the teacher's speech is boring, the teacher's style is not very popular in the course of the lecture. I said that you interact with them more, and I could make a joke in the course of the lecture, and I thought that learning was a pleasure, that it was very good to learn, so I had to do it this way after I had spoken to the three teachers, and then last year, after the handover, we were speaking two hours and two hours in Beijing, and that was the English teacher who listened that day, because the teacher's words were just good and wanted to talk to the child, so I only gave him an English language, but before coming, I gave him two classes in English physics and everything, because I gave him one class, two hours, four hours too long, and not necessarily four, and one could fail if I was not satisfied.I don't think so.I'm going to ask him about the children, ask him about the children, and then an hour later, I'm going to say, 'cause I'm going to read them, 'cause I'm going to talk to them, 'cause I'm going to talk to them, 'cause I'm going to talk to them, 'cause I'm going to talk to them, 'cause I'm going to talk to them, 'cause I'm going to talk to them, 'cause I'm going to talk to them, 'cause I'm going to talk to them, 'cause I'm going to talk to them, 'cause I'm going to talk to them, 'cause I'm going to talk to them, 'cause I'm going to talk to them, 'cause I'm going to talk to them, 'cause I'm going to talk to them, 'cause I'm going to talk to them.I don't think so.I said, "Do you have any other plans for the first part of the summer?" There is no study plan, if you have any plans after the beginning of school. Are you studying alone or outside?I don't think so.He said there was no other plan after we started school. I said there was a conflict between the hours of your classes. He said there was a conflict. I said there was a conflict. I said that because the teacher had just given you three information and the base was missing. I thought the teacher's suggestion was to respect the opinion. The teacher meant that during the summer vacation the comparison was a gold node, because he wanted you to learn a few more times during the last summer, and then after the start of the school, he wanted you three to take the three of you to school, and then they asked me what he thought when you went to school.I don't think so.We have other plans, and he says we don't have a teacher, and I say we can choose before school starts, so we can conclude that all three parents can study during the summer vacation, including during school hours, and then we can learn what we can determine for a longer period.I don't think so.It's longer, and it's more or less material, and it's not true that you think you can learn over the long term, but, for example, if you're going to regret the price when you see it, you must have some sense of judgment at this point, but I feel very confident at this point in my conversation and communication with three children, including the tone of the child's voice, including the way in which he speaks, and I feel very confident, that is, what is the white question, and what is the way in which he speaks and how he behaves?I don't think so.He certainly cares about money, he does not care about money. It's the first sign, or through his language, that his teacher expresses what we intend to do in the third grade, and we follow you in the third grade, so the level of self-confidence in his speech makes it possible to learn from him in the third grade.I don't think so.And then they went to the bathroom, and I asked our teachers to go with them, and I asked them three children, and there were two of them, and they had too much of a base, and they had a lot of lessons to learn, and I couldn't say that I was a student on summer school, and I was a student on every subject, and I could tell them, because I wanted to give them four classes, because after I had analyzed the subject, I said that all three of you were poor, four or three were bad, so I said that when I dropped out of school, I might just push a little bit, and then at least one or two of the kids, at least four in one day, and then he gave us a signal, so I asked him about them, and I wanted to give them four, because I wanted to give them four, and I said that one of the kids didn't have much, and I said, "Well, there's a few of the day," and I said, "Well, "Well, it's a few of the day," and I said, "Well, it's a few of the day."I don't think so.So at this point, I take advantage of the ideas of two people, and I'm going to tell the kid that you're with them, and I'm going to do three classes with you, and I'm going to do three classes with you on Sunday, and I'm not going to do three classes with you on Sunday, because I'm going to do four classes, because, if two people agree, two people basically admit that this is six hours for the day, and then it's six hours for the summer, and then it's six hours for the summer, because it's seven hours for the summer, six times seven times for the summer, 42 hours for the summer, so that's the plan for the summer.I don't think so.So, after the summer break was over, I set him a plan to start school from May to the end of May and at the end of May, because it was the end of the 6th of June, and that was, uh, from the end of May to the end of September to the end of May, which I remember should be 9 months in September, 4 weeks per month, 9 months per week, 4 weeks per month, 36 weeks, 36 weeks if 6 hours per day, 36 times 260 hours per day, 360 hours per 16 hours, which is 216 hours from 1 September to the end of May, or 6 times 6 weeks per month, which is 216 hours.I don't think so.So the total class time between July and September, and the time before September until the examination, is 42 hours, plus what I'm saying, if you can understand it, please confirm on the platform that you will be there.Talker 9.Let me take a look.
text:That's 258, that's 258, that's 258, that's 258, that's 258, that's 258, that's 258,32023,252550832508, that's a discount of 100,4 that's a discount of 9 per hour, so that's a price of 320,208 for everyone, but I don't see the other two, because I don't see the other two, if one's over $30,000, I think it's easy at this time to do two short-terms, that's the whole year's plan, that's 258,258 hours per child, if three times a total of 744 hours and 744 hours.I don't think so.And then I didn't accept the words of the other two parents, and I didn't know exactly how to handle them today, because I knew that he would listen to the children.I don't think so.So I did two short school hours for the insurance period, one by January, and another by January, from summer vacation to the end of January, at a price of more than 20,000 per person, and then three more than 60,000, and then I did the shortest skill I could, and each child planned 106 hours, and because of 106 hours, he learned an average of 10 times per subject, because simply if you only learned a few times, it would not be effective.I don't think so.If I planned for him for 106 hours, if I planned for that, I'd change the list for each child, so I had three plans, one for the medium term and one for the short term, just for the insurance period.I don't think so.And I'm going to take this list, and I'm going to take three or three Excel forms, and I'm going to take it to the parents, and I'm going to go to school, and I'm going to go to school, and I'm going to go to school, and I'm going to go to school, and I'm going to go to school, and I'm going to go to school, and I'm going to go to school, and I'm going to go to school, and I'm going to go to school, and I'm going to go to school, and I'm going to go to school, and I'm going to go to school, and I'm going to go to school, and I'm going to go to school, and I'm going to go to school, and I'm going to go to school.I don't think so.Because of the vanity of the truth, I said that he was the best, and then asked a lot of questions during the class, and the teacher said that the teachers had left after the last lecture, and that the three of them had spoken to the teachers for almost half an hour, and the three of us were willing to play in the class, and I really didn't want to take the initiative, which meant that some of the students were more proactive, were willing to learn some things themselves, and that the parents felt that the child had not been able to come and learn.I don't think so.I'll be honest with you that the three of them were raised with resources, and he understood that the three of them as a whole were better than the other three, that he could be right when he was a neutral horse, and that the other two children were better at understanding, but that would be a little less, and that a few questions would be less technical for some time.I don't think so.Because to tell the truth, you care more about your own children, because the other two are not much of a concern to him, so at this point I would be even less than two eggs, and the other two would be more happy and happy about your child.I don't think so.So I'm going to say something like this to my parents, and if the three of them are satisfied with their studies, they're going to go to the door again, so I'm going to ask the teachers about the details of the video, and I'm going to take more pictures of them, and I'm going to make them feel a little bit more when I'm doing it, because as long as the children are ready to learn, the three children are very active and very active, so I'm going to make a video, and I'm going to make a comparison of the details of the photos.I don't think so.And then the next time I showed it to my parents, and the parents accepted it, so when I called my parents, I said the child, and I said the piece, because as I was not a salesman myself, and I thought it would be a parent's idea, but the three kids I recognized very much, and the teachers said that their children wanted to learn for a long time, and I said that there were really very few children who were like your children, because they were happy with them, and the children were really less willing to learn.I don't think so.The other kids, I told you, both of our parents were begging him to kneel down and ask him to learn, and I thought that he might not want to learn, and I thought it was very acceptable that the three of them were very motivated to learn, that the camera and desire that infused the child to learn was so powerful that they could plan a lesson and let the parents approve him, that the three children agreed to a year of gay study, but I said that because I used some methods of dealing, and before the children left, I used a number of hypotheses, and I said that the three of you were very active today, especially if the three children were satisfied, and that the teacher would then have to have a number of demands. The first point was to ask me that when you were in class, the teacher might have to classify you strictly, including your wrong papers, and that we had to do it once and every other time we had to do it.I don't think so.The second possible teacher will teach you the teacher the next day, so that you can be motivated, using a similar image of the case, so that the parents will let the children agree that the teacher is okay, so you can ask us to be strict.I don't think so.And what I said to Tmd was also a hypothetical way of dealing, and I said that there was something I might not do about the three of us, because we were very good at negotiating with him, because I said there was something that I might not do, but I don't think it's bad, either. I'll tell you frankly, I'm a very strict person, and I'll say that three of them are wrong, and I'll probably leave him for an hour, and I'll go over and over and over again every 10 days or a month, and I'll have to talk about it, and if it's a job, I'll let him do it again. If it's a job, I'll let him do it again.I don't think so.So the third one, because the kids were very active, and the teachers were doing something like this in detail every time they spoke, and they were more attracted to parents than they thought to come to a class, so I used a couple of hypotheses, and then I said that my parents said this time, and then you went back to the two sides, because I didn't know what they were capable of, and I said that there were no strict rules for them, so he said that his parents said it, and then I talked to the parents, and then we met, but because the parents were so busy, they didn't have a chance to meet the kids that day, and my kids did. And then I said two or three days after, and then I said that the parents couldn't miss him, and then I called the parents, and then I told them about the length of time, and then we talked about it, and then he said, and then we talked about it, and then we met with them, and then I sent them three direct classes, and then I sent them to three sessions.I don't think so.Yes, so at this time I know it must be a year's plan. What do you say when I say parents' classes?I don't think so.He said last year, then because the truth was not so bad in his family, then they didn't come to their parents the next three days, and they didn't come to their parents, and then they took a card, and then they took a card, and then three people took a card, and then one mother gave the kid the word of the bank card, one took the card, one took the card, and then I took the whole year's planned price, and I gave it to him, and I told him that the teacher didn't have the card, and the teacher gave it to you, and then you gave it to him, and then you gave it to him, and then you gave it to him, and then he gave it to him, and then he gave it to him, and then he gave it to him, and then he gave it to him, and then he gave it to him, and then he gave it to him.I don't think so.So, two or two other students didn't take it, because at the end of the month he was going to take it for a month and settle it for the month, not next month, so I told the students that day, and I said that you two would talk to your mother about it, and then I asked them to come over, and then I didn't know what they said to the parents, and then I didn't know what they said to the parents, and then the card was 05, and the kid was basically 05, and then I called him two more days, and he said, "Let's go," and then because he was a little busy, and he was a little bit more difficult to compensate, because the kid was able to hear my own voice.I don't think so.Now, if you can hear me, it's okay to type a button. Because I'm about to finish, so why did the kid come to class the next day because he didn't have the money? I asked him if he said that the teacher said that you had the money, and he said that he didn't have the money, but you didn't have the money, but I asked my mom to call you right away, but I wanted to split it. It's the first time I called, and I said the parents did, and if we're going to settle the money now, the kids are going to talk now, and we're going to go to class, and we're going to go to class, because we're going to do business like this when we're done with it.I don't think so.That's why I'm trying to make it impossible for my parents, so many of these lists, which I used to transfer to me for over 60,000, are transferred, and the parents say this is not going to work, and then I'm going to let the kids go to school because this kid's going out to play with his classmates for three days, because there's a kid who's going out to play, and he's not going to transfer the money, so if I can't do it again, I'm just going to do it again, right?I don't think so.That's all it means.I don't think so.And then, because the next day our finances pressed me, he said that your kid wasn't going to fix it, so I couldn't write it in class, because I was talking to my parents because they were actually the best ones to communicate, and your parents were the mother, and Dad was very direct, especially hard to say. I know, and I made the second call when I called again, and he said that he said that because that's what we said to you, you know?I don't think so.I'm afraid he won't give you the money if he thinks he wants to learn, but he's going out to play, and when he comes back, you stick with it for a few days, and then if he learns, why did his dad tell him why he didn't want to learn, did he not learn for a while, or was he worried, because he didn't pay, but what should we do at this time?I don't think so.Because it's difficult to communicate with parents, because his father is very direct, and the more parents you tell him I'm afraid of him, so it's only because I wanted to communicate with his mother, but his mother's phone number is not, and I checked the data, and I couldn't find it, so in the end, I had to talk to the kid again, and I said to the kid Liu. I said extraordinary. I said to all three of your teachers, you're very good at learning, you're very good at learning, you're very good at learning, you're very good at learning, you're very good at learning.I don't think so.The obvious, uh, teacher's knowledge of the day made it hard for you to digest, and the next day you'll understand that I said that I had a little faith in myself, that it might be better. To be honest, all three of you said something that was more concerned was to say nothing. That's just to do a child's job. If the kids said I had to learn, you'd pay me, so it's okay to be a kid at this time, and because the two kids who paid for them had a good relationship with me, and I told his mother about it. Am I right to say that the mother of Liu Fei Fai?I don't think so.I said that he only knew the kid, that I knew them, that I was with them at this time, because parents' words were on my side, because the price of one to three was different from that of one to two parents, that two parents actually wanted to be cheap, that one to three had ideas, that's why I talked to the other two students at that time, and I said that you must write together if you learned to oppose the book, and you should give him more confidence, and then his father would give him the money, and that you three would be complementary and helpful to each other, and that the topic would be easier. So this time, including me, I'd say more encouragement, I'd do some good things, the class teacher would do some things for me, and then the two other classmates would probably be like, if you left us at the same price, let's learn the same price, and it would be a loss to both of us.I don't think so.Anyway, this kid's got to be determined. We have to learn from him. We have to learn. What do we want to do?I don't think so.When your father showed up, you had to be very determined to pass on at least one idea to your parents, that at least what I learned I wanted to learn. I didn't mean that you didn't support me after I paid for it. I wanted you to see it, so I infused the student with this idea, and his father finally put it on my tab.I don't think so.So, on the whole, there's nothing to say about this list, and he thinks I can only say that I may be weak, because I don't know the subject of my own consultations during the month, and I'm setting me on the right side, and all the average single words are not below the target of 40,065, and I'm slowly approaching the target, which, at first, is basically 1,000 dollars, and I can't say that I'm successful, but that I can't be on the way to growth, and I'm getting a lot better.I don't think so.And if you say, uh, that there are any questions and questions that you can put on the platform, we simply do an interaction.I don't think so.If something is wrong with me, I have no pens, no paper, and no preparation for today ' s sharing, because I am randomly sharing it with you. Lately, my special daily leisure will not normally last more than six hours, and I will be five days a day, and then I will be home almost every night at 10:00 and 11:30 from 10.30 a.m., which is a normal day of rest.I don't think so.If you have any problems, you can call this platform, we can interact together, or we can interact with the voice.I don't think so.I'm a grass-roots person, with no background or education, and high school diplomas for 1,000 of my students, and I have a lower degree and a lower starting point. For example, I think it's just for what reason because I'm older, because I grew up and I've been through a few years of frustrations and stress, so I'm really a footprint and slowly crawling down, and I'm always comparing myself to thinking that, in order to grow up today, we're all going through a rather painful process, and I've been home for eight years, so I'm doing it for a goal, for a sense of responsibility, for a strength, for a feeling that I've been out there in silence, for a few years, and it's too much effort in the middle, and it's easy for everyone to ask questions, anything to be satisfied, and what to think about the price.I don't think so.I think that this is the case, but first of all, when it comes to the question of prices, the parents' first impression that you must be talking about prices, and if you can't, you have to be talking about prices.I don't think so.The second point is how to judge his ability, because he has parents who can afford it, but he has a very high sense of learning, and he says he has no money, but I am willing to dissipate, so these two aspects include his consciousness, and you must have a judgement that some parents who say that we are wage-earners are not rich at this time, and it doesn't matter how much price you have to do before you negotiate the entire list, including the benefits of one-to-one pair of classes, that we are more efficient on one-to-one, that some parents, for example, may talk to one-to-one class, that teachers are more likely to absorb them in a timely manner, that the parents' words are psychologically satisfied, that there is no time to go by, that one-to-one-one-to-one-one-one-one-one-to-one-one-one-to-one-one-to-one-one-one-one-for-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-one-all-all-all-one-the-the-the-the-the-the-one-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-one-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-one-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-the-theI don't think so.If the price is high, you'll have to put it all in advance.I don't think so.For example, I might say to my parents that the only thing I can say is that you can stress your teacher, and I say that parents, especially in my auditions, are very satisfied with the teacher, that I may have to make a report on the teacher and wrap it up, and I say that the teacher's words are our three-a-year teacher, which is $3470 for one hour of overtime, but frankly Mom's talking about the list because she wants to talk about what you're talking about, because it's sure as a child that the teacher we're talking about wants him to be a one-time success, so if the teacher's part is missing, I say that since the kid is very happy, it means that the teacher's words are very good, so the teacher's words are to say that we're going to put this price on it, and you're going to slow down it, and you're going to drop it to your standard price of $300 an hour so that parents can call it worth talking.I don't think so.That's what I say about parents, because I can give this teacher a lower regular price, but if there's two lower ones, that's why I'm doing the second thing, and, uh, what's the point?I don't think so.Because if this teacher says so, because we have other good students, and we have others, but if this teacher says that we take it down, then he can bring us more excellent students, so he can add value to what it makes sense, which means that if the price is higher, it is better to make pre-arrangements, including plastic wrappings for one-on-one teachers, and if at the end of the day, if the price is only later, because I have parents, why stress that because parents never make up one-on-one, because it is not good for the surrounding market, because the difference in the home and the real acceptance price is far too different, too much too much, and at this point you cannot sign if the price is too different from his intellectual acceptance.I don't think so.In addition, if the average parent says I'm strong enough to be a family member, he doesn't ask what the price is, if he talks about a certain stage of the outbreak, and if I don't learn about it, I think he might sign up for it, so I think you can do something about shaping values, and you can do something about shaping a crisis, and I think this is a better way to solve the second.I don't think so.The second question is, parents don't have an education, let alone a family education, but it doesn't work, and sometimes parents don't have an education, let alone a family education, but it doesn't work.I don't think so.If you talk about it, some parents might be very sensitive parents, some parents are very sensitive parents, some parents are more worried about you, some parents are more concerned about it, and when you come, because he's after all about this piece of you, like trying to make a few tests, so that we can get to the parents, too, and they've met them, and if we try, it might not be special. I don't think it makes any sense, because the parents themselves don't want him to be very defensive. I think you can analyze it according to our formal disciplines, right?I don't think so.You can do real and objective analysis from this point of view. Why do you learn so much about it?I don't think so.In addition, if we say that we are sleeping, I suggest that you could use, for example, our audio-visual contact with a teacher, to work with the teacher in advance, to make sure that the basis is laid because we tell the teacher that our children are pushing, and let the teacher be an attractive word that is objective and true, and let the teacher analyse the child's situation for you. I think it would be better, so when I meet this sensitive parent, I will study a lot, including some of our children, and I will look at it in the form of a book.I don't think so.In addition, an analysis of why the subject needs to go to the section would make it clear to him that, if it is not possible, with the help of some teachers, and this is what I do, sometimes if the parents don't pay the down payment, and go home and consider the down payment, first of all, when we call the down payment, then it's really hard to come here once, when we call it a down payment, and then we don't want the down payment, as I do at least five to seven times in the future in Beijing.I don't think so.So a down payment is necessary, because parents can't talk about it now, or why they have a family that doesn't want to come, and he doesn't decide how you're going to learn it, so he doesn't really want parents like him to start with the down payment secret, and he's going to die if the parents are sure, and if they don't, you're going to have to do it a few more times, and if they don't, you're going to have to do it again, but you're going to have to do it a little bit more, you're going to have to do it a little bit more, you're going to have to do it a little bit more, and I think it's better to do it because the parents, especially when they're in Beijing, you're not going to be the biggest, but the first one is the one with the parents, and the second is the most important one.I don't think so.The second is the ability to work, the best way to push a pool, the first is the node, the second is the promotion of a class teacher, the third is the frequency of a class, and this is the best solution, because over time, our training may soon finish today's training, because, like everyone's thinking, some of whom know me, some of whom may not appreciate me, some of whom are willing to talk to them in the middle-growth process, and others who are willing to talk to them, and then, of course, what the teacher says when he does, is the best way to talk to his parents, the first way to call them, so that they can kiss or talk to their parents, not to make love to their parents, and when you don't come to see if the lessons are less convenient, and if we're at the parents' side, then we're at the children's side, and we're at the children's side, and we're at the parents's side, and we're at the parents's side.I don't think so.In addition, ask him how he learned, whether the teacher's homework was finished, for his own sake, what was the ultimate secret to the market?I don't think so.And here I come to the end of my training today, and in the past, I have had a lot of difficulties, and I have had a lot of bumps, but I have stayed the course, because there is one thing on record, because it allows any difficulty, no matter what the bumps, to allow me to stay the course, so I will share it with you in the hope that in the future I will be more helpful to you.I don't think so.Paul then says that life is most precious, that life is only once, and that life should be so, but when he looks back, he does not feel sorry for his youth, nor does he feel ashamed of the vulgarity of life.I don't think so.On the eve of his death, he can say that I will dedicate my entire life and my entire experience to the world's most brilliant cause, to strive and work to help more people become the elites of fruit and intelligence education, and let us use this glorified words to inspire and inspire ourselves and to make myself a noble man worthy of the times. Well, then, here we are today, thank you all.Talk to the 7th.Thank you very much, Mr. Han. So Mr. Han has shared a great deal of practical experience with us today, with more emphasis on the ability to learn, and to sum up what we are talking about. Data, analysis, competence. Today's time sharing was planned to be an hour, but it has now lasted for two and a half hours. To be honest, Mr. Han is very serious, our teacher is very active and interacts with us, and everyone is great, and I'm sure many teachers want to say that there are a lot of questions about how to consult on how to do this summer, including how to sign a check, how to communicate with children and parents, and so on, and that there is a need to communicate and communicate with our teachers, but because of the timing.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mr. Good to see the education center first. How do you do?	labels:Let me ask you if there are any plans here for the first-class generalisation of children.
text:The kid's in second grade now, isn't he? Yeah.	labels:He has been abroad for more than three months since September, and has returned largely to the second semester, where he has not been able to attend classes in the country.
text:Right? Is he in high school now?	labels:It's up there now.
text:Which school?	labels:Canadian International School. Canadian International School, huh?
text:We also have students on our side of the international school, and now he thinks he's a little out of line, doesn't he?	labels:Yeah, he's still thinking about making up for some of the national school lessons.
text:But if I may ask you about the future course of our children's studies, do you intend to do so?	labels:At home, huh?
text:Is it also a rising home country? Yes.I don't think so.Or just a rising international school, an international school in the country.	labels:Or is it a normal national high school?
text:That way, it might be 1:30 for the child, because the international school itself is slower and the learning is lighter. I don't know which subjects he thinks he has more.	labels:In fact, he never meant that he wanted to have a general course because he had not studied in the country since September.
text:So I know what you're saying, and maybe I'm saying that I'm having a problem. I mean, I mean, he studied in the country for the first semester, after all.	labels:I forgot about physics at the time, but it's supposed to be physics.
text:It used to be me asking what it used to be. What was it like?	labels:Basic math seems to be a little worse.
text:The math's a little weak, my boy.	labels:Girls.
text:A girl, huh?	labels:Right.
text:Now he's a little bit weak in math, which means that there's a lot of thinking in this area, and girls are a little weaker in science. His language and English, I don't think he's a problem with English.	labels:Because the language is good, because it's just that he learned to follow the course, but he's just expressing things. I'm trying to understand whether one-on-one is really a teacher who comes to a parent's school, the children go to school, or the teachers go to school one-on-one on a child-by-child basis, just like the tutor.
text:There is no decisive requirement to be determined on the basis of the child ' s circumstances.I don't think so.If you say, for example, that the self-regulation of a child's studies is strong in all its aspects, it doesn't matter to go to your home, if you say the self-regulation of a child and, for example, after-school digestion? If he's not doing well, it's better to come to us, because if we're not part of the class, what's the most important thing about post-school kids?I don't think so.If there's something wrong with this part of you, and if there's something wrong with you in the process of after-school digestion, or in the process of digestion, that's the way you do it, and if there's something wrong with it, then the director here and the director's teacher will fix it for you.	labels:How many people in class, if it's over here.
text:He's one-on-one, and I don't know if I know what you're talking about, because we're here in one-on-one environments for our children.	labels:A teacher against a child.
text:Yeah, that's definitely it.	labels:There's a class teacher, right? Because I'm a class teacher.
text:It's extra.I don't think so.There's a class teacher for us, because there's a lot of problems with children's learning, for example, in his case, if math is weak or basic, right?I don't think so.If that's the case, you're going to teach by teaching, right?I don't think so.For example, if some of the kids' habits aren't good, then if they're not well, then when you're doing your homework, right? Are you going to study your class or do it first? When you're having trouble doing it, you're going to see if I can figure it out myself, or if I'm going to see the notes before the routines? Obviously, it's a matter of learning habits and methods, so if you're here, you're going to do it.	labels:I'll call you on the other phone. What's your last name? My last name is Wang. How do you do?
text:Do you want to fight now?	labels:What's your last name now? Me.
text:I'll call you right now. Good-bye. Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Mom? Yes, where is it? I'm Miss Kim Ritchie.	labels:Hello, Ms. Wu Li.
text:Is it a good time to talk now?	labels:I'm driving the people right now.
text:We'll talk later.	labels:Good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye, good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, Venus mom. I'm her physics teacher, Ms. Wang. Which one? Physics teacher, Mr. Wang. Physics teacher.	labels:The king's right.
text:After that class started on Monday, but he didn't come, and I wanted to know how he was at home.	labels:So, it was supposed to be three-to-one, then three-to-three three-to-three, and then it was said to Ouyang that there was none, even one-to-one, and I don't think, of course, that the price was too expensive.
text:Then.	labels:I'm not going to work, I'm going to go on now, so I'm going to drag it down.
text:He was ready for military training while he was at home. Yes.	labels:Next month, on the 7th, military training began.
text:When did he start his military training?	labels:We'll wait until we're done. We'll decide exactly what to do. That's it.
text:Have you ever seen the medical doctor's mind in the course of military training?	labels:It's a hard estimate, too. He says it's a hard one.
text:Yes, because at the beginning of the first, two or two of the first classes were conceptual, and perhaps he could read it himself, then a new knowledge at the back would be entirely new, because it might be a little bit contrary to the lower secondary school, which was right, when it came to the upper secondary school, which rejected them all, and then redefined a concept that might be harder to reach.I don't think so.I didn't think of his training so fast at first, and I wanted to give him some information before the training and then let him take a look at it, so that his training would be hard in the day, a little in the evening, and a new lesson would be better.	labels:I'm sure he won't. When he comes back from a closed horselight, do you suggest he buy some kind of practice for him to do?
text:If he's a gold medal from his school, it's a good lesson, but if he hasn't started his new class, he may be a bit difficult now, if he's studying alone. Yes, it's a bit difficult for him, but after he's started, and I'm doing the same as he's doing, because it's about to start, so he's not advised to buy information, and if he looks at it, he can borrow it from his previous school, which is good in the school.	labels:I'll talk to you later. Okay, that's it, bye-bye. Who knows.	episode_done:True
text:And what I promised never to worry about doing bad things is not to think about it.	labels:Hello, Jang's mother? Where? I am.
text:Hello.	labels:Now he's been taking a few physics lessons, and it's been a long time, and I'm just saying that the kid's really good, and he's not saying anything about physics at home.
text:He doesn't have time to go home, he's trying, because he's hot, I know the teacher's hard, so he's coming back, and we basically don't look at him, because he's doing his homework, and he's doing his homework, because he's working hard at night until 11:00, and I know he's having fun and self-discipline, so I'm not going to say what he wants from me and I'm going to do with him.	labels:It's still pretty good, because it's been going through so many classes every day until now, hoping for him.
text:He arranged it on his own, because it was probably a long time ago, and it was a month since he left the country, so he came back to do it, and it would be hard for the teacher.	labels:It's harder, but it's him who talks four lessons a day a week, and he's already said that there's more to physico-chemistry, and at the beginning I said we'd start with a focus, and then because it used to be quite good, but now because it's probably a lot easier to pull, we forget.
text:To pick it up, perhaps the teacher will have to work harder, and perhaps some of the priorities will not be pulled on him, or he will just forget a little bit more, and he will be a year old, leaving almost one child behind.	labels:That's right, the piece with the physics is throwing away the tall one. Now, because of his special efforts, he's done every assignment, and sometimes I'm particularly moved, and he says I spent the night cleaning up the house, and I think he's had a very hard day.
text:There's gonna be a lot of people in there, and then he's on his own.I don't think so.So, then I can't take care of him, because I'm basically in business.	labels:He's also busy in business, and now we've got a pretty big body of knowledge about physics, and I've already told him about the senior year and the senior year's regulars, and now I'm giving a new lesson.
text:If not, I hope that the next part of the teacher can give him a plan, which means that he can go on after school, so that he can come back after the day off.	labels:In fact, the child himself is very well planned, and every time I tell him how we should go to school, he may sometimes forget to ask me what we're going to say next and how much time we have to finish this chapter.I don't think so.At the beginning, he was worried because there was too much to make up, and he said that I had forgotten too much, that I had really finished asking, that we could take two weeks to get back the previous knowledge, and then that we would be able to take a third new lesson from the last class this week, so that he would be able to accept it quite quickly on Thursday.
text:My son is smart and smart, and I'm good at combing his physics, and I'm good at it, but forget about him is the same thing.I don't think so.So learning coherence is a very important cycle. He's going to be a lot harder, because he's feeling a little comfortable in the middle of the year, and he's not going to do that.	labels:In fact, he is sometimes under pressure from himself to start a school in his second year, because the school itself is better, and he may be faster in his second year, so now he's on his way, after every job he's done, he's always saying that after I've done something, we're going to have to study something, and he's going to ask us to study when we're in a new class.I don't think so.I told him that you could do it three times if there was not enough time. He said I could do it twice. Sometimes I was really touched when I woke up in the morning.
text:Mr. Wang, I'm going to the elevator now, no. Okay, I'll call back later.	labels:Good-bye, bye.
text:Who knows.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Is it that big? Come and show me the girl.	labels:It's all newspapers, okay.
text:Let's get this done first, then you can do it yourself. I'll talk to your mother about your studies. If there's a problem, check it out. If you don't want to, write a sentence, and you'll write it out, and you'll give it to him. This is the student's monthly exam. August 8th. Is it the first day of the Fourth of July? How much did the math score? 60th?	labels:Forget it. Read the phone English. English is 96, language 93 and nursing is 65.
text:Mathematical English and language are 120 points, linguistic physics is 100 points, and English is better this time, right?	labels:Yeah, well, you hurry up and write it.
text:First of all, let me tell you a little bit about the students, who are now studying full-scale triangulation and axial symmetry in mathematics. The main part of this test is these two parts. Which school district is their secondary school student?I don't think so.It's the glass mill. Which one?I don't think so.There's a small area in the Old City, and the Western campus has a relatively good level of learning. It's more than 500 points in the class, and it's about 10 in the class, and it's still in the third grade.	labels:More than 500.
text:Only 20 more cards.
text:I've finished the first three.	labels:He said the third grade was not the third grade.
text:More than 500 points can be taken for more than 500,500 points, and more than 10 points can be taken, and they are tested.I don't think so.And we have the same file in Wen Peak, and we'll be number one at 400 points, so the difference between the two campuses is bigger. Let me ask which school district primary school is.	labels:Experimental primary school.
text:I'm at the experimental primary school, where people live, family buildings, first floors, second floors, and they're all in midday classes, and the students have a bad day off at noon, but this level of teaching and the teachers' responsibilities in the experimental primary school are good.I don't think so.Mathematics is largely symmetrical, since the first test of the month was mainly a geometrical part, whereas the general girl said that her abstract thinking and spatial imagination were slightly less than you, so he said that he needed to do more in this area, but that the geometric component had a smaller share in the middle exam, the key part was the number of hours currently studied and a function of horse schooling, the counter-proportional function and the second function content of the second function, the 96 points of English, which might be the difference between the present problem and the accumulation of knowledge or the writing of the word before us, and the 65 points of physics, which were original, because they did not see the other subjects and then went beyond him, and this aspect was lacking, and should be written and read in the back, and the problems that had arisen with the filling of the literature, which was the first chapter of the year, which was the first chapter, which was the second chapter, which was the sound line, which was now the good track, which was the beginning of the learning, and which was not yet the beginning of the mechanical exercise, and which was the first time,	labels:I'm done, and now I'm learning about liquefied gas.
text:It's a change in solid state, isn't it?I don't think so.Okay, so when he started, then the test was mainly mechanical and sports, which was in the third grade, which was part of mechanics, which was the foundation of mechanics, so it might be a bit difficult at first. That's what happens. How long do you usually sell?	labels:He's got it every day.
text:He's working for the whole class. You check his homework every day. The student is leaving school at 6.30 p.m.I don't think so.That's right.	labels:'Cause it's almost 7:00 or 6:00 or so.
text:It's six. How long does it take since you've returned from the Fourth of July to do your homework after you've been home?I don't think so.Because they prefer more than one hour, that's around 8:00 to 8:30.	labels:I don't get it because I don't know where he's going with the math at 1:00 at the latest, and every day I tell you what to finish and what to say and what to say, but I honestly don't have confidence, I don't want to look, I don't have confidence.
text:I don't want to look at some of the information we've prepared, and then I want to say that the students' knowledge is a compilation.I don't think so.Because what I'm saying is very different from what I'm saying to the teacher, because to be heard, I'm saying that we're talking about a question that is a very crucial point of how parents do family support.I don't think so.In the first place, there is a much larger change in the course, including the requirements and the previous ones. Perhaps you can write it right, but if the process is not right and it is not done as required, it certainly cannot be divided, just as their physics now requires that the unit be added to the calculation process, that it be added to the unit, and that there be none less.I don't think so.Okay, so if you can do it at 2 a.m. for 5 minutes a day, you can help him with a word consolidation. That's fine. Words and phrases give him a physical mathematical point and a concept consolidation. That's totally fine. The process of which you don't need to tell him about the process may not help him, but it can be done.
text:And...
text:Maybe you're the one who's been walking with him, and you've been walking with him since, on the one hand, you might have more understanding and support for the students and, on the other hand, he feels like he feels like he's working with the parents, and on the other hand, that many parents come and talk about the student's problem, and I think it's not that parents need to take responsibility for him, but that parents should think more about how to help him, not how to blame him.I don't think so.Because each student's situation is different, he can only compare with himself.I don't think so.What's his schedule for the next six weeks? How long does it take to do the homework?	labels:It's half a day.
text:I can't finish it in the first three years, I can't do it in the second half of the day, I think they'll leave 10 rolls for each time they're off.	labels:Basically, he doesn't make half a day of his own and starts to rest when he's done.
text:So we start to organize our own after-school life? Let's set out what we're talking about in junior high school and high school. Primary school is about being honest and not cheating, not copying, and doing what we're supposed to be doing.I don't think so.In lower secondary school, the student is more involved, that is to say, paying more, while in upper secondary school it is more efficient to study, because there is no guarantee that the students who pass the same scores and then go to Løj High will get a copy of everything they say.I don't think so.While he had already been in the top 5 per cent of Chengdu county in a single Chengdu district at the time of his admission, there was no guarantee that he would do so, because in that environment, all students who wanted to do so wanted to work hard, he was more efficient in learning, which depended on the ability of students to manage their own learning and to learn for themselves, and found out about our ability to learn.I don't think so.So at the junior secondary level, if students are able to adjust themselves and build up a suitable learning methodology, it is a bigger boost in high school, where many boys will talk to their parents that they have not yet learned, that they can do so quickly, that they may be better at thinking, that they prefer to be lazy and that girls are more realistic.I don't think so.What's your girl's character? She's a little more introverted if she's the teacher's future.	labels:You're not introverted or hot.
text:Not that acute.	labels:It's useless to squeeze, and it's not acute to grind him now.
text:At least it's a little less internal in front of the parents, and it's hard to say if you're with your classmates.	labels:He said quite well when he also let go, but he didn't count him as happy to see him.
text:How much did he score in math at the end of his first year of school?	labels:Seventy more.I don't think so.70, pass 1.78, 78.
text:Well, you're just gonna write it down, write it up, and ask you, because today I'm going to answer 78 points for the first exam, and I'm going to do one at the end of the year. The student is actually a turning point at the beginning, and he's going to change the primary school model, because the teacher is a paternalist or a nanny model, and he's going to take care of every one, and he's going to take care of every student, and then he's going after junior high school, because parents think about transport and teacher problems, and the other way around every year. So how many I go to high school this year, and how many times you want me to go to high school this year, and that's the only standard for school evaluation teachers and parents in society, so the teacher may be concerned about his first 30 per cent of school progress, and the last one is to say that classes are not in the classroom.	labels:This tendency is already beginning, yes.
text:So it's a difference between a junior high school teacher and a primary school teacher. Students can go in at first, especially when they live in a boarding school, and they get very uncomfortable when they go to a junior high, because he feels like he's out of control, and if he can't finish his homework, he doesn't have a teacher and then he's targeted.I don't think so.When a teacher talks about a subject, he talks about it in 5 minutes and 15 minutes at the end of the class. Sometimes he talks about it. Sometimes he talks about it. Maybe it's easier for the teacher. Everyone knows it. I'll tell you the next one, but it's just that the student hasn't figured it out yet.I don't think so.If the teacher had said that, it would be difficult for him to ask his classmates, because the students were more self-respectful and he was afraid that they would say that the teacher had already said it was simpler and then asked them.
text:Well, that's it.
text:This has led to a accumulation of problems, but it may still be self-aware that the student at this point in time may have invested more in his studies than in his father's studies, and I am you.	labels:Be good.
text:Remember, I don't have a problem. He means I'm going to ask him. He says he's still looking for that level of help, if he does it on his own.I don't think so.It's nice to say that achievement is not a special ideal, it's certainly not satisfactory to himself, as you say you are anxious to do, but if he has not been pulled much through such exercise over a year, but also by reference to the way in which primary school is taught and the way in which it is learned, I feel quite satisfied that he is still very much involved, because we look at the student's attitude to learning from medicine, from English, because English must be accumulated for a long time and keep forgetting a process, and instead English is the best in all subjects, because it is the least relevant and the least relevant in all subjects, while mathematics and physics are relatively consistent.	labels:Always very passive.
text:So it is generally in the first year of secondary school that the student adjusts, and his grades decline from the beginning of the first year, and the student's situation is generally similar to that of the first year of the examination, especially in mathematics, because in the first year of lower secondary school all of his studies are probably touched on in primary school, for example the equation of mathematics, and he has done a derivative equation application, starting in the third year of primary school, and has been doing it for four years, but this last final exam is still an application, except for the equation group and the one dollar-two-dimensional equation group.I don't think so.This application of a dollar-by-dollar equation is mainly a question of whether the students are not able to do it well, which means that we will do one more reference in the main part of the process.I don't think so.Not the back, not the back. Let me see. What do you mean by that?	labels:Language numbers then include integer and fractions, integer positive and negative integer zero, followed by fractions positive and composite.
text:How many theories are there to prove the full triangle?	labels:What does Sss mean? The three-way one is equal. Go on.I don't think so.How is asasaosususos.
text:I think it's a corner.	labels:hlhlhl or something. It has to be the effect of both sides of the straight corner on the straight edge and on a tilted edge. Two fingers.
text:The two rectangular triangles, which are the same vertical divides within the median line, can be shown to be full-scale.	labels:Under the vertical divide.
text:Can you think of a two-synchronous triangle to balance it? Can you do it? There's only one trend, two triangles.	labels:A triangle of two.
text:A vertical trigonometry line with an equivalent waist triangle.	labels:Equal.
text:Can you prove it's all waiting, huh?I don't think so.The two symmetrical triangles are the same vertical dichotomy, which proves that they're all up to the point, isn't it?	labels:The teacher didn't say anything in class.
text:The axis is symmetrical. How do you find the corresponding points for this axis symmetry? If a dot and a dot follow one and then direct the symmetric distribution of the axis, how do you find the corresponding points? How do you make the drawings?	labels:You can't just...
text:The simplest point of a straight line.	labels:It's done mainly through that dot. It's just a straight line, that's the dot.I don't think so.Right.
text:Okay, follow this straight line to the axis symmetry. Where's the symmetry? How?	labels:This is the symmetry point.
text:It's the original, then it's the symmetry point, it's the straight line, it's the symmetry of the axis, it's the symmetry point, it's the symmetry point, it's the symmetry point.	labels:Forget it.
text:First of all, do it.
text:The vertical line is vertically this straight line, and then it's written in a circular. Is that how it goes? Teacher? Is that what you're teaching? And then you're going to do it, then you're going to extend it, then you're going to look for it, you're going to look for it, you're going to go up a bit, and you're going to draw an arc, because it's actually done in the service sector.	labels:Forget it.
text:Check it out.I don't think so.All right, let's put it back before we look at it. Let's look at the problem. Okay, how's the binary equation you made last semester?	labels:Step it up, then grow it up.
text:That's enough. No more school. Anything else?	labels:If you add up, let's talk about it.
text:The last examination was followed by more than 70 points, 78 points of which were mainly wrong, the application of which was wrong, and one of the minor questions that should be filled in.	labels:There may be more deductions for applications, more deductions, but there's a comparison.
text:It's easier and it doesn't get the full score.	labels:Not the small paints on the front, but the large paints on the back, while not, are small, but a lot of buttons.
text:Is the equation not retreated, or is the process wrong? The equation is missing, yes.	labels:That's not just an equation, because Shanghai is all-powerful, not triangles, some tests.
text:There's a lot of triangles. What's your name?	labels:There are two parallel lines in the wrong corner, then two parallel lines, and two parallel lines work past the two parallel lines, and then fast.
text:I know I can't draw, and I want to hear you, because I see that you have a lot of questions on your paper, and I ask why you ask questions at the beginning, and then concepts, because one of the general mid-tests is based on this, and it says what's right and what's wrong, it's the original concept, it's the explanation behind the bold print in the textbooks, including the rationale, it changes a very small part of the changes, it changes a word or two, or if it's not done well then, or if your concept can only be understood and you can only draw, it's hard to do, that's hard to do, that's hard to do, that's hard to do, that's hard to do, that's hard to do, that's hard to do, and that's done by doing our sub-questions.I don't think so.You're mostly right behind you, of course, one to five to three points, three points in the middle, and it's a shame to say three points wrong, because when you're about six points, you're almost out of line. I'm going to write it as an equation, and then I'm going to look at how the binary equation sets up the solution that the teacher was asked to ask for. The answer is simple.	labels:Okay. Okay, okay.
text:That's it, there's nothing wrong with it. There are two ways to solve it from the beginning, and you can write it from the beginning. Multiply it by the back of the 5-2 x 2, and then list all the good items around the equation.I don't think so.Well, I'd like to see if it's usually simple in the process that you're going to do, and you're going to do it when you're 20, and then you're going to do it, and it's easy to work with each other, and it's a mistake.I don't think so.Well, especially at the time of the examination, these low-level errors occurred very often, and when I said that the two most important things you learned a year were not really triangles, because there were a lot of triangles back there, including ours, trilaterals, the most important ones were one function, one equation and two-dimensional equations, one-dimensional equation and two-dimensional equations.I don't think so.And if you go to the forest to threaten the one dollar double equation group, it's all stored for one function and the secondary function behind you. It's stored for the content of the function. There's almost nothing in the final exam, including filling up the blanks, and it's part of the reserve. And such a transfer project is the easiest to make mistakes, and it's the simplest process, and many of our students feel it's not so big that it's in their minds.I don't think so.And what I'm telling you is whether it's this way or the way it's a five-by-two, whether it's on the paper or on the paper, trying to put all the items in it, copy it to the same age or so, and then provide it yourself, and then the most important step, the triangle, and then it's simpler, and it's simpler, and it's basically the square and the squared, right?I don't think so.There is a lot on the back, including that you will learn trilaterals next semester, and the horse-to-school function is more important. If the first year of junior high is more important, the flat-angled coordinate system will have to be used for six years directly with you and six years directly to your final high school graduation.I don't think so.OK, Physics, and then good. Now, what's V equivalent?	labels:V equals speed.
text:formula.	labels:v equals sts what? S-time. Ace is the way.
text:What's the unit?	labels:The unit of travel is signature.
text:You signed it. Where's T?	labels:Time, in minutes and seconds.
text:There are fewer minutes, usually more hours and more seconds, and more millimetres per second, which is the unit of the speed that follows, and I have just told your mother that all of the questions that you are asking for now in mathematics are different in purpose and mathematics, that physics has to take all units and then put brackets in the back of the riverbox, and that it is actually easier for you to make mistakes and forget, because you're used to writing maths and then you come out of this group and turn it into mechanical and kinetic power.	labels:We had it back then.
text:A little bit of the lost place. What do you mean speed?I don't think so.Speed isn't there.	labels:It's okay to do things like this not to turn, but rather to do things like this.
text:Let's say you're an example.	labels:Like what say automatic distance or something.
text:Auto.	labels:Distance to reaction time or something, these are like problems.
text:This is a bit of a dilemma.I don't think so.And then the test's mainly mechanical and sports, and there's some real drawings. Is that right?	labels:Some do the right thing, some do.
text:Brake distance and reaction times like this? You're in bad luck, and you're just in time to change your curriculum, and you can't teach with your hands, and the mechanical exercise chapter, the mechanical exercise chapter, is a difficult chapter.I don't think so.It'll be a little easier if you learn the new chapter. Okay, how fast does the sound spread in the air?	labels:What about 340 meters in the water? That's probably not there at 360.
text:In a vacuum.	labels:Dissemination.
text:If it doesn't spread in a vacuum, there's no medium?	labels:The reality is that voices need to be front-loaded in the process. What do you call noise?I don't think so.Noise is what disrupts a normal resting life.
text:When you're doing your homework, you're singing, you're singing, and that's the noise.I don't think so.Yeah, well, what's the main fault with the English section?	labels:It's like English.	labels:English seems like it.
text:Listen to what's wrong. What's wrong with what's wrong with you?	labels:One or two more questions.
text:There's a problem with every subject like this, there's a problem, there's right, there's a lot of it, 96 points. Now it's usually a few conversations, and then a short one, right?	labels:It's easy to clean up like the ones before, so it's nice to get the last thing I need to do, so I can put that in my head.
text:Do you usually practice hearing? The audio tape practice does not mean that then our textbooks are taped with audio tape, with audio tape practice.	labels:Including the teacher.
text:You'll be given a range of tests like this in your final exams, and then you'll be able to take the subject for the most part as the original, and most of your origin is the solution if you don't hear it, which is to listen to you one more time.I don't think so.The main test in the back of the list is a fixed combination of phrases, a search for a file like yours, a fixed combination of phrases, and a consideration of only three verbs in their state.	labels:Anyway, I'm usually a syntax person who might have it.
text:Some syntax is big, you speak your syntax like that.	labels:He's not saying that you can't back off, or you can't back off, but it's mostly saying what you don't know after the verb sometimes.
text:That's a big syntax. You speak grammar. The syntax of English is divided into two parts, syntax and syntax, and syntax and semantic.I don't think so.Take somebody to do something to class. Do something.I don't think so.Well, that says yes.	labels:Fixed mix.
text:The following phrases. Well, you should've studied it now. You've learned a few words, yes. All right, get on.	labels:What changes did you just say?
text:Well, I'll just call you, then what, you haven't learned since you've learned, because many students have this new concept of their own, and I don't know if they're on board, and they'll have a lot more of it, because if we're in Loyang, parents will focus on the English language of the students.	labels:In fact, I was a couple of years old, and then the teacher didn't leave because he was 10 years old.
text:There's something wrong with the teacher. I'll take a look at such a vocabulary in his semester.I don't think so.Best wish should have learned, get a talk.I don't think so.For example, short for such phrases as these, which have fixed combinations, phrases, and words below. The verb's softening, the verb's connection between the word and the adverb, the shape of the verb, the pronunciation of the word. The multiword of a word. Now you're learning how many pages you've learned in English and how many pages you've learned in English.	labels:Lesson number five.	labels:Five.
text:Lesson 5.	labels:Right away.
text:What's the word "noun"?	labels:Buc.
text:It has adjectives, verbs and verbs, does it record verbs?I don't think so.Did your teacher tell you?	labels:I think it's time for your teacher.
text:One back, one back, one back.	labels:It's like learning back, isn't it? Okay.
text:The nouns are the back of the line, and they're supposed to say the same thing.	labels:I didn't learn the back, and then the teacher didn't say anything else.
text:Because it's so different, that's what we're talking about.	labels:Just wanted to come back and walk backwards, Come.
text:Back in the back, back in the back, back in the back, if you find a generation, and then back in the back, it's different to understand it and back in the back. You analyse it with this type of word, which is common, which is the back in the back, and which is not. So it's very unusual to use the word in the back. So it's different for each subject. The single test is the phrase and the fixed combination, and there's our phrase, and there's a possible timing, which is the state of the verbs, which is the time when the verbs are done.
text:Okay.	labels:Didn't seem to learn when it was done.
text:You'll certainly learn in eight years of junior high school, probably in the second half of the year. You've done the same thing with the blanks. If you can't write, don't look at the mountains. We'll write that sentence directly. It's easier for junior high school.I don't think so.The third good part is the non-hearing part of the written test, and the third part is that we read and understand two books, and the reading rate depends mainly on the vocabulary, because you find that there is a situation in which you don't know what the list and the exact word is in the subject, and what it means to say?	labels:Yes, but it's easy to do, because it can be seen in the context, but there are reading understandings, but a lot of words don't know a word.
text:That's superb words, because there's probably three versions of the usual superb words in junior high school, and that's the case. If you just find the 300 words in the book and then accumulate them, if you find them in the middle exam, they're cheap. If you read the words, you read the words, you read the words, you read the words, you said there's a word you're not going to do it, but if there's another word in the context, and then you don't know it, that's not going to work. So if you read the wrong words, you don't know the words, then what's the point of filling them up and what's on the paper?I don't think so.The test is your recitation.I don't think so.Because you will find that you have carried a lot of the sentences of the pre-arrest conversation, and your essay teacher has not taught you how to write them, but that is, you will find that you have carried the paradigm and some of the shadows of the text that can be used to bring specifics to you, so the stake section is recited to the paper exam, while the proper form of filling in is mainly the time-state and the term-set is fixed with the verb.I don't think so.Dongminth has studied the most of these tests, and sometimes he has spoken adjectives, so let's go back and see how the operation works. This stage shows that you have a good vocabulary, you have a good grammar, and what's more important is that you increase the correctness of your writing through a stronger sense of language.I don't think so.A junior high school student can then do a better back-to-back, a better back-to-back, a better back-to-back, a better one, and you can read it again, and you can just fill it out without looking at the ABCD 4 answers. Should there be some, if you usually have a better back-to-back in English, and then I suggest in English that I take an hour to two hours per week to get a copy of a text, and if it's a better back-to-back, don't you have any new concepts for the second volume of the second book of the new concept?I don't think so.How many books did you learn?	labels:Seventeen.
text:The first was in primary school.	labels:No primary school, like some students.
text:The new concept is mainly about speech and speech, and all the articles in the new concept have been pushed back from the second to the original, while all your books are written by Chinese, and all your books, including those on your scrolls, are written by Chinese. The teachers sit in the hotel, then three dare not dare to think about what words you've learned, which words you've never learned, and write an article that singles out the words you haven't learned, so it's hard for teachers, which ones are the main ones.	labels:In the case of multilingualism, some points would be deducted from the writing.
text:In general, three points or one.	labels:Three points, right?
text:The normal level is three cents for everyone.	labels:Long.
text:Okay.	labels:It's probably 96,96 that's left.
text:Where's the 24 cents from?	labels:Infrastructure or otherwise.
text:It's Lui Shiming who gave it to me.	labels:He was born in the high name of the fairies, and the water is gone, and the deepness of the dragons is as though he were new to the lowly houses. And he and his young lords were young, and they laughed at the rich, and they knew nothing.I don't think so.I'm here to raise my father's monthly salary.	labels:Nanyang.	labels:There is nothing wrong with the Confucius of Chugesi and the skyscrapers.
text:Where have you stolen this from me? Where is this?	labels:It's now possible to speed up the back of the pre-hospital identification.
text:Is it a pattern or a pattern?I don't think so.Why didn't you just say that? I was wrong.I don't think so.It's two or two questions. The first one is a white-drink translator.	labels:A bamboo without knowledge, that's what it is.	labels:Kind of.	labels:Musical sounds, okay.
text:In this article, you can translate instruments, dance songs and dances, and that's what you need to do for no reason at the time of the translation. You have to learn from your textbooks to learn the words and the words, and you have a good back, but in the middle you forget it is a flaw.I don't think so.In the process, you need to do the right thing. You don't know what you're talking about.	labels:None.
text:You're going to help you, because one of the most important features of the literature is the name of one of the characters from the Spring and Fall Wars? The word, the box, the word, the word, the word, the word, and the word, the word, the word, the word, and you, like the flame that you just said, are a word, it translates into a musical instrument, but it is used as a verb, if you translate into an instrument, and it's definitely what you're going to build.	labels:20 says so.
text:Be nice. Listen to 20. Who wrote it?	labels:Zhou Dynasty.
text:Is it leftover porridge? More porridge?	labels:You sure?
text:Will you, uh, take a test like this? Will you take a test like this?	labels:It's like a regular exam, but it can be done on a regular basis.
text:Why didn't he take the exam?	labels:I'll do it.
text:No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.	labels:In general, there is a choice or judgement of right or wrong.
text:It's impossible that you can't be right in your high school exam. It's just choice and subject matter, and it's subject matter.	labels:These are all going to run.
text:I'm asking you why this is a place where it's easier to make mistakes, and many times this is wrong when 110 tests are taken, but this has to be handled, because the teachers in the textbooks say that you're not particularly accurate, and you may not be able to do it yourself.I don't think so.If you're in the middle of Cora, you're all good at reading a modern text, you can't open the gap, and everyone's got to lose 5 to 10 points, but the gap is in the front, the text is the biggest, I won't say it, I'm sure I'm gonna get it, and there's an understanding of what he's expressing, what he's feeling, what he's saying, what he's saying, what he's saying, what he's saying, and so on, as long as you give a full score, but the translation of the words you just say is very accurate.I don't think so.If you turn over an instrument, ma'am, it's a shame, because you know the reporter, and you know what he means, but I didn't translate it, and I found him a little white, like Buckingy, and we're gonna sign one that we're going to build up ourselves in the first place, and we're not going to miss out on our own.	labels:When they came to the exam, they came up with something very unusual, and it was very difficult to write, and then we didn't remember, and then we were all fine.
text:That's almost all. Now I'm going to discuss two issues with you. We're equal, because you're not a child, and I can't afford to be a child.I don't think so.After 90?	labels:Not after 00.
text:Ask one question, we will discuss two issues, and we will finish it.I don't think so.The second question is why you're learning? That's two questions that bother students for a long time. Because Mr. Wang, before coming to Loyang, worked four years as a college vocational mentor in Wuhan, and I'm primarily responsible for the career guidance of college students before graduation, how to go from student to professional, and how many college students don't know it when they graduate, and I don't know how to think about it. I'll bring it to you today, and then you'll give the last class at the university. Why? I'll tell you in my heart, you're pretty good at home, your mother won't clean it up. You, too, don't have to be afraid of him.	labels:Okay.	labels:Didn't say much, huh?
text:But I just thought when was the last time he hit you, when was the last time he hit you?	labels:Okay.
text:That's it. Just kidding. We'll talk about two issues, and you'll tell me what you really think.	labels:What a study.
text:Why did you learn first?	labels:I think the first thing about learning is how to lay the foundation for the future, or what it is now, and what it is about to develop its psychological qualities.	labels:Now.
text:What's this all about?	labels:What will happen to your life?
text:Is it necessary at this stage to build up some knowledge for the sake of self-improvement, and then to live a better life for itself and then to do what it wants to do for itself?I don't think so.Space is wide, because learning these things may be boring for a lot of time now, so it's easy for the ancients to talk and use them, but what they're learning is useless, so the data for the second grade of primary school will be fine.I don't think so.If you look for something special, if you can't find English, if you can't find English, if you can't speak English, if you can't find English, if you can't find English, if you can't find English, if you can't find English, if you can't find English, if you can't find it.	labels:Test.
text:Education is the way in which China has always spoken the educational model, and it is reasonable to learn English.	labels:Well, that's why.
text:About a student who's been studying for a while, he can't get a full score, and he passed 60 points? Like I just told you, the last final exam passed maths, 78 points.	labels:It's like when a bank talks to a teacher, sometimes you don't get it.I don't think so.Okay.
text:I'll tell you what I understand about learning. I'll tell my students about the college students, and I'll tell them about learning for a word.	labels:Indeed.
text:Did Choose learn? Eight snows, learning is about choice, learning is about giving yourself a choice, not about your choice, giving you a more choice. The more you learn, the better you learn, the more you can choose.I don't think so.For example, the higher you get, the more schools you pick, the better you're going to be, even if you're passing Roy's score line, but if you're too far from home to live in a new neighborhood, and I don't want to stay at school, I'm going to find a school that can walk, eat at home every day, my mom cooks for me, so we're in the middle of the third grade, right?I don't think so.Because all the leavespaints are now in school, and they're in the middle of nowhere in the new neighborhood, okay, so you can choose which school to go to, which school I like the most, the whole book in the library, which university you can choose after the exam, which university you study, which city you work in, what kind of city you work in, what kind of people you make friends with, what kind of fun you do after work, how to repay your parents, which is longer, should your mother be the choice?I don't think so.Do you like to hear her nag sometimes?	labels:It's not a question of whether you like it or not.
text:It has to be accepted. No problem.	labels:Yeah, sometimes it's kind of annoying to say a lot like that, but it's not possible to say that I'm gonna change whatever he says.
text:He pulls you up to what it is.	labels:Hard to say.
text:I think it should be about learning.I don't think so.It's not much to say about other things. Some of the trivial things in life will certainly be said, but it's not like learning to talk about a bad thing to a student, just say a word about it, and you'll do it. Next time I get a good test, you don't care what I try, and if it's something, and if it's not right, then I'll do whatever you say, and he won't say it, believe it? He doesn't believe it, because he doesn't give credit, or he doesn't believe it.	labels:You.
text:You can choose what you say right now, and then you can't listen to it. Do you listen to it more or less?I don't think so.Of course, there are things that don't mean you can do it, and I'll do it later, but I want you to know why you want to learn.I don't think so.Including later, and then you'd be old if you were still living in Luoyang, and if you went to live in another city and you had your own business, your mother called and said to your mother that he said that I had a very important meeting and that I would go back to you later, right? Learning is about taking control of your own destiny and living as you want. Because your students don't get there, maybe there's something you can't choose, and if you suck to a certain degree, it's bad, it's bad, it's not about a certain amount of shit, it's not about what your parents give you, it's not about what your parents give you, it's about nothing.	labels:Okay.
text:First, I want you to remember that learning is about choosing to take control of your own destiny, living your own thoughts and your own performance, which is what you want most after 90 years, and that you need recognition and attention, and you want to live your own thoughts and lives, whether right or wrong, and if the students do, you have the opportunity to try it.I don't think so.The second question is, how do you learn to be pretty? Aren't you pretty, smart? Not smart. You want to be pretty and smart at school? Okay, you're not pretty, but you say you'll wash your face in the morning.	labels:Wash.
text:Look in the mirror when you're done.I don't think so.What would you do if, one morning, you washed your face and found one of your left cheeks like a dollar coin, the big green thing was in your face and you didn't wash it off?	labels:A big green thing grows up.
text:I don't know what you like, but it's scary.	labels:Let's see what we see.
text:You can't see anything. It's like paint. Wipe it off. Wipe it off.	labels:Let's see if he can get rid of it or not, so he can come back and use it.
text:It's been wiped 10 times.	labels:Then you can't wipe it off, so you go to school, you come back and see what it is, and you think, Ok.
text:Well, I'm talking about the biggest problem and the tough attitude, and there's some problems we've got to solve, but there's some problems we've got to solve, and when we can't do anything about it, why can't you trust your parents at first, because they're the most selfless people to you. And then you're looking for help to find your mother and say that your mother will wipe it for you, he can't wipe it, he's taking you to a doctor, and he's going to learn how to look at your muscles.	labels:Then I have to go to school and come back before I have time.
text:They may not be able to help you in the first place, but they say they'll find a way for you, or even they'll find a way to help you.	labels:It's not for the gang. It's for sure. It's for sure.
text:I'm talking about learning the same thing. You know what I'm talking about. Do you know what I'm talking about?	labels:Yeah, okay.
text:This is about the problems you have in your studies, including in your life, even if they can't help you, which means they can't even wipe it off, but it's hard for you to go to the hospital. At least he can share your sex at first, your joy and sadness, and he really won't be there to comfort you, and then laugh at you, and others won't be able to promise, including your best friend.I don't think so.When you came home from school, you didn't see him fall in, your pants broke, your legs fell off, you hurt me, you came home late the next day, you went out with your friends, or you wrote your homework at night later, dark, without a street light, and you didn't see it falling.	labels:I don't think so.I don't think so.Why is he doing that? Because maybe when he comes back that day, he's thinking about something else.
text:Well, that's why you're not smart, and I agree to some extent, because there's a saying that the same person is not smart enough to preach in the same pit twice. If it hurts enough, you might think that something else will fall.I don't think so.But that's possible, but in a big case, you think I'm going around when I'm 100 meters away.	labels:Could be right.
text:This may be much bigger than your leadership, and the application may be a small probabilities event.I don't think so.So I asked the question, is that the teacher of this midterm exam did say that? Did he say that? Now if I write it to you again, will it be all right? English now guarantees that all the words on the English rolls are good.	labels:Identification should be.
text:You haven't tried it? Because you write it directly when the teacher's words are spoken in English.	labels:But the teacher never said it again, nor did he see it himself.
text:Where do you keep your notes when you speak English scrolls as your English homework? Does that mean, like, when you write big brackets, do you just write them or do you write them in the book?	labels:It's on the roll.
text:Look how long it's been? Eleven minutes.I don't think so.If you go to the papers, you have little chance of seeing them, not just all of them, whether they're maths or English, so it's a good idea to do it in English or in English if the math question comes back tomorrow, the teacher says you're wrong again, and you feel sorry for yourself?I don't think so.The second time I tell you a math question that our junior high school students do, how can I improve their learning efficiency and improve their learning in the shortest possible time? The first time you did 10 minutes at the end of October, you didn't do it, the teacher said you wouldn't do the same thing again 10 times. How long do you think it takes? Every time it's wrong, it takes at least 10 minutes, 10 times how long?	labels:Ten times on this subject.
text:The same type of issues, or similar ones.	labels:Except 10 times for 3 years? Three years.
text:Wait till you graduate from junior high.	labels:If I had listened to the teacher for the first time.
text:And then maybe we're going to make an assumption that after the first hearing, after the first hearing, we don't get it, like you just said, and we don't protect you from the monthly exam.	labels:It is estimated that it will be halfway through, and it is not likely that 10 o'clock will be the real thing when it's four or five o'clock.
text:It's all clear that I make an assumption, and I do it again, not at the back, not at the back, not at the back, not at the end of the line, not at all, and whether it takes 10 minutes at a time.	labels:Yes.
text:Not necessarily?	labels:No, it's not.
text:You think I'm counting as a mathematical model, assuming you don't do it for the first time, you don't have 10 minutes to do it every time after you tell the teacher.	labels:No, it's not.
text:How long will that take?	labels:It's not that I'm not gonna do it for the first time, but I'm gonna ask someone else, and it's gonna take a little longer.
text:That's two, two, two. You won't do it in the first 10 minutes. After the teacher's talk, you take 20 minutes to figure this out. You're talking about it, and you're talking about the same thing in the back, and you won't be able to do it for 10 minutes at a time. How long is it gonna take? 5 minutes.	labels:Almost five minutes.
text:Ten more times. Okay, how long does it take to add the words in the back? Five minutes per ten, you add the solution. That's 70 minutes, right?	labels:And above that kind of thing.
text:I'm assuming I won't do it for the first time, I'm not going to do it 10 times, I'm not going to do it for the second time, I'm not going to do it 10 minutes a time, I'm going 100 minutes a time. Right, if it's done under this opportunity, you can save 30 minutes. In the process, you've been right 10 times, you've been wrong 10 times, you've been wrong 10 times.I don't think so.Well, I'm doing a simple, simple thing, using a mirror to wash your face, your homework and your exam mirror, and I'm taking a picture of you, and I'm going to take a picture of you right after looking in the mirror, and it's like that day the names and nicknames are all dirty things on your face or better places to perform, and it's the best thing for any of your classmates to learn.
text:Here's the time to wash your face.
text:Face-washing is the point of departure for businesses that cannot wash themselves in the future to seek help. The more you arrange for it, the easier it will be, the easier it will be, the more it will be for a number of reasons, including the reasons for the job, including the reason for the talk, which one says, and then it will all be the problems that we face, rather than the easier it will be, the easier it will be, the easier it will be for you to do what you want to do, the better it will be, the better it will be, the better it will be, and the more you will put your interest in it.I don't think so.These are the two questions I asked today, and you see what else my classmates want to ask or don't understand, and now they're trying to solve them, and they're finished with missionary studies, so they're starting to solve them.I don't think so.When we come here today, the main task is to help us do a study analysis and give us some advice on learning, and we have a principle here that parents want to stop coming, and only the students themselves say that I want to come in earnest, not under pressure.	labels:I didn't say it was Corey.
text:I'm not saying that all students are the same, all the same, because the students who come here want to be helped to learn, rather than passively accept this right, and in one piece I can give you, and of course I have my own requirements, and I have my study requirements, and I'll tell you what else you have to ask about your studies, including in the context of school life, including family education, which you don't understand, or how you feel will affect your learning.	labels:I don't think I've thought about it for a while. It's always made me think about it.
text:I can't think of anything, okay. What else does Mom have to say now?I don't think so.Now is the time for such a learning diagnosis that the first question of learning should be a question of mentalities, but I think that credit is not a question of self-confidence, nor of introspectiveness, but it may be due to personality. On the one hand, parents may not be particularly pressured on learning, is it? There is no special requirement for grades to bind students, but then the student may create a personality like the port you say, and his own input is relatively positive, but it is less targeted.I don't think so.The second is time management, where students who have just spoken through their parents spend their time daily and their time on weekends, are relatively roses and, after doing their homework, go back to English or study in a mood, but not in a particularly good mood, and not in a very good mood for learning, so it's still good to say that we have reached the current level.I don't think so.In general, students are less likely to explain the student's input, including attention, including concentration, management of learning, and he's going to have a plan of his own, to set the time, for example, to go to English, we're going to schedule the clock until a few hours, we're not going to hit the thunder, and if this time is missed, we're going to make it up to him at another time. For example, after you're ready for release, every Saturday, you arrange an hour of this recitation in English, and today you're going out with your mom and dad for the um, the friend's birthday, and then you're going to pay for one ~2:00, you're missing the hour, and you're going to have another hour at night. You're not saying that someone else wants to restrain you, it's your own plan.I don't think so.The third is basic knowledge, and there are gaps in the acquisition of technical knowledge. It is clear from the title that students themselves should wake themselves up. This is the saddest thing. If it doesn’t, it will be difficult to reach a very high level.I don't think so.Through our communication with him, through me, the student belongs to a level of motivation and motivation and understanding that should be relatively strong, because through its input a match is made, the lessons do not understand the situation, and there are occasional factors that cause it.I don't think so.For example, there was a noise outside the class, or a teacher suddenly left.
text:Well, that's a distraction.
text:This is a place where it has been heard quite clearly, because it is caused by an accident rather than by an inevitable factor, not because you certainly do not understand it, so it is important to talk about the consistency of knowledge, because we have a lot more of it in mathematics and physics, because it is more consistent, but it is a little bit better to ask if the phenomenon is being learned, because there is little or no connection with the chapter on machinery and sports, or, at best, with the speed of the transmission of light under a single line of sound for the regular resolution of such a speed and journey.I don't think so.All right, that's it. There's nothing else.I don't think so.The student's suggestion is that, as a sort of experience, we're certainly in the top position of math, and there's no doubt about it.I don't think so.Mathematics is ranked first, physics is ranked second, English is ranked third, speech is ranked fourth, English is predominantly in the back, there is a consolidation of mathematical points of knowledge, and there are some questions to be analysed. For now, it may be more difficult for me to count this chapter than the first axle and the full axle, the trigonometry, the tectonic triangle, and the students may have more difficulty, and I don't know most of this is the case.I don't think so.I don't know anything about you.I don't think so.Because I asked briefly, now that it is written on the paper, the process is relatively simple, and sometimes you have to write either two, or write it in great detail, according to the requirements of the mid-test and examination, or then you have to write a simple version of the process, and then you can probably figure it out.I don't think so.Just do these two because you've seen them in advance.I don't think so.Physics says there should be a delay in this examination, but you're going to have to fill in this chapter of the record, if it is not, until the next lesson is exhausted, because the next sentence is mainly about the stress analysis of a function and force, which was eight down, and the electrical studies, which are now eight full chapters on mechanics, and the integrated analysis of electrons and mechanics, which then connects, but the question of density pressure is also relatively low, and the scores in the intermediate examinations are lower, but it is easier to make mistakes.I don't think so.The goals of physics and mathematics must be the perfect points, and the goals of English must be the same, so that you can have the momentum to move forward if you want to keep yourself in check with yourself.I don't think so.And if you notice the problem, then you look at the system, and if you need it, we can arrange for teachers. There is only one simple requirement for us to use, and we always choose to do a separate course, and all the lectures are organized according to the needs of the students. Before we teach, we make clear the objectives of the teaching, the title of the teaching, and the focus of the teaching, including what is written after the end of the course.I don't think so.The thought job is designed in two different ways, on the one hand, with notes that need to be written, probably two or three subjects, to create a relationship that needs to be consolidated and, most importantly, the students need to remember. After the next lesson, you will not be asked, you will have to be warned for the first time, you will be informed for the second time, game over, you will not think about anything when you come, you will be tired when you come, you will have to play for such a study, and you will be prepared to do so when you have to think about it, and you will not be willing to accept the teacher's arrangement and guidance.I don't think so.Because you're like a little tree, and maybe somewhere isn't so tight, I'll dial you straight. What if you let go? You're gonna pop back.I don't think so.Now that you've got a constraint, two boards with supportive ropes, a three-month tie to you and a six-month break, and it's decided to go naturally. Do you want to try it on your own? Are you sure? The starter doesn't have an arrow, we'll get it, including what we'll do, and you just have to talk to the teacher about what you want to add, and we'll have a lesson that we don't understand, and we'll get it through a class and then we'll get it.	labels:Isn't there a meeting for all the clients here?
text:There's a sort of sort of thing, you're first and foremost in math, you pick up the data and you see what's probably the hardest thing you're going to have to do right now.I don't think so.If you have the right guidance and the help you need, what is your level?I don't think so.When mathematics is complete, let's think about physics, and there's less physical content, and your current problem should be slow down, and mathematics may be a growing problem, because I didn't just ask you what you wanted to do with a piece of motion machinery and then something simpler, and the immediate light. Why did the key project just get you to symmetries the axis?I don't think so.In fact, there is a symmetry associated with a mirror like this, and you don't have to think about what you're doing here. Just one thing you have to think about is that the teacher's assignment today will be done next time.I don't think so.Okay?I don't think so.In this case, it is not likely that this week will be a full week ' s schedule, since it is generally required that 48 should be scheduled, and that he will be able to take classes from Monday to Friday and that he will be able to do so.	labels:It's still nearer home.
text:It's close. Here's the thing. He just came home from school.	labels:Not a little further.
text:It's just a little bit around here, usually 20 minutes, 20 minutes, 30 minutes, riding up and walking up and down.	labels:Ten minutes on it.
text:Well, you go faster. I live in experimental primary school, and then I walk for 10 minutes, and you have to make a big turn.	labels:I don't have to walk a little bit inside at Shinjong Elementary School. I know, so it's not too far, Mr. Zhang.
text:This is the case.I don't think so.If I don't write a plan for the students, then I'm going to study later, let's start with a general idea: first, the students are about to get their midterms, and now it's more urgent that we pass the midterms, then let's go through the midterms, and then have a slightly better performance, so that we can just write a little bit more.I don't think so.Because this examination was mainly based on such a triangle as the one that preceded it, including such a full scale, symmetricalization is more likely to be tortured, but the focus is on real numbers.I don't think so.So let's look at the extent to which we're going to get down to what we want to hear. We're going to focus on math, which is a relatively good way to complete an eighth grade, and we're going to go back, and we're going to finish this equation, because they're going to learn one function, and one function is going to combine one equation and two points in a two-point binary equation to determine a straight mathematics, and the image distribution of one function is going to make it possible for him to come to class in the middle of the week, and we're going to have a late class at the end of the week at 7:00-9:30:30:30, and we're going to have about half an hour, so we don't have to catch up on the way.I don't think so.Or are you going to eat after class?	labels:Yes.
text:Okay, let's give him a lesson, let him hear it first. When we hear it well, we'll talk about the program later, and I'll talk to you about the program, and let the student make a judgment of his own. We'll pay 120 hours for junior high school, just sign by a small one, and then sign by a program, and we'll sign the program as a whole.I don't think so.When the students listen, let's talk about the back, because I want the students to build up their feelings through a lesson, because he's a more self-respected and independent student, and I prefer the idea student, and we prefer the idea student, not the bad student, so let's say I have two promises with the parents and the student, the first one is to listen, I want to see the satisfaction of Mr. Wang, and we can change the student's mental state through a course.I don't think so.That's the first one. I can't promise it. I'm sure I won't say it.I don't think so.If I can't do it, you'll say that Mr. Wang lied to you and Mr. Energetic teacher lied to you.I don't think so.The second thing we guarantee is that the quality of each class is good, and in the middle, he listens well to the teacher. Do we keep pushing back to the teacher? Does a male teacher and a female teacher have a request? Can we choose? No, and the girl needs the teacher to be patient? Do you agree? If the first class is better, the teacher in the back won't change, and the student in the back knows he's leaving us here.	labels:Okay.
text:The main thing about math, we listen to Stonehenge or something like that. What do you learn about a combination of low-growth real-digit calculations, mixed calculations, and not real-time mixed calculations?	labels:You just learn one side to follow the other. What do you want to hear?
text:So the lime mix is relative.	labels:I think the first lesson is to learn what I remember about the ok.
text:And then you do a caption analysis, and then when you're done, if there's still time for the teacher to give you a bus, pass the script, and then you're reminded to solve all the problems, and then you put the concept behind your back, and you don't use it.I don't think so.I just can't reach it.I don't think so.The first lesson gives the teacher the impression that the more you learn, the more you talk, the more important it is that you have to digest when you go back.I don't think so.I don't want the second teacher to ask, first day, first class to understand. You're not going to finish the next one, okay?I don't think so.All right, I'll go talk to our financials, and I'll try to arrange this until tomorrow night.	labels:I'm gonna need you to figure this out and fix it, No.
text:If you're going to do it yourself, you don't have to think about it. Can you just listen to the teacher?I don't think so.The first time and then, because he found himself something that he understood, there was something else that he didn't understand, and it was hard to understand to see if a teacher who asked a question like what I told him could be correctly and correctly said it in time, and if he didn't hear it well, he would not listen to the meter for an hour.	labels:Yeah, tomorrow, right?
text:It's not settled yet. Tomorrow or the night after tomorrow, and we'll arrange it for you.I don't think so.Because I'm not responsible for co-ordinating the teacher's class in the teacher's library.	labels:How long does it take each class?
text:Two hours.I don't think so.It's only two hours in the beginning, and then four hours in the first three if you're better at it, but you don't need it now, and we'd rather split it into two days. If you have time for homework on a Saturday, you can get it to us. If you have time for homework, we've got our own classroom, we're doing it at home, and we can't ask questions, and you won't ask me when you're done here.	labels:How many classes a week?
text:You start a week now once a week. Once a week, if it's done, then I'll give you extra lessons, and you'll have enough up to two times a week, and you can't remember too much, even if you're in rows. Can you come to my office and open the papers? Okay, let's start with one week, so don't worry, though it's not too late for the 7th and 8th midterms?	labels:Number 9.
text:9th High School, you're 6th to 9th.	labels:So the teacher just passed through your class, and he was in his condition or something.
text:You've got something in mind. Just come in and wait.	labels:Let's talk first, that's fine.
text:Wait a minute. I'll call you back.	labels:Thanking the teacher for the analysis he has just made, it is true that I have always felt as if I was the first to thank, and yet another to say that we were truly ashamed of our children, and indeed that education is one-sided.
text:Mathematics has a specialty, and we're good at this stuff.	labels:And you can say, if you go on like you said, I think I can see hope.I don't think so.Now, to hear you say that, and to see what he wants, I'm thinking that he has a comprehensive consideration, because for him you've been talking for so long, he has not given him enough time to think about it.
text:I think it's a question of learning or not learning first, and there's no problem with the girl in your family if she wants to learn, and it's a matter of helping her in one way or another. If you wonder if the girl wants to learn, or if she wants to work on it, I think it's too much to worry about, and she's going to work hard on it.I don't think so.The point is that I was just saying that this is not the way for him, and I'm thinking that you're thinking about whether this is the way for him, or whether we can give him a better one, and that's what I'm thinking about.I don't think so.So our average students are going to come up with a whole programme, and these students may not have had access to such mentors before, and I'm going to give him one lesson to experience it. If it's good, then we can see hope, parents can see hope, students can see hope, our teachers can see hope, and he's going to learn there, and we won't simply take an extra student for 10 years to help us create a business like ours.I don't think so.You've heard of bacon, you haven't heard of bacon, but at least you've heard less of bacon.	labels:Indeed, I do not know enough in this regard.
text:Because, after all, we dare to say something like this, that education is meant to point it out and not to control it, and I suggest that you be such a character that he needs a chance to experience, or a chance, and a hope that he needs such help at a time when he is struggling with his own incompetence.I don't think so.Our parents simply wanted to create better conditions for learning, or to say that they did not regret him, so they said one day earlier and one day earlier.I don't think so.Actually, you.	labels:To the students, because I still don't have one.
text:Well, as I said earlier, as requested, the first one was clear, and the next one, OK, was done.I don't think so.This time it's clear. I don't understand it. I'll ask you again next time.I don't think so.The last one was given because each course was recorded.	labels:But he didn't or didn't do what you asked.
text:The first warning was not fulfilled, the parents were informed for the second time and the third time was over.	labels:Isn't that a little too harsh in this way?
text:Because this is a minimum requirement, I made it clear to him that this is what our teachers should do, and that what students should do is invest in learning, and he should just remember it.I don't think so.If you look at it again on the way here, you'll remember it. He looks at it as a memory process, and it takes at least three times for a point of knowledge to be stable. If he doesn't remember, he listens well afterwards, he doesn't remember, it's not just irresponsible for the students, it's irresponsible for the parents, it's not responsible for our school, he's not responsible for our school.	labels:I'll ask you to move on to the next one, and we'll charge you a fee.
text:If the standard is singled out, if signed as a child, we will now sign at the old trainee's fee of 120 an hour, and by the time of the official launch of January 1, the starting point for the lower secondary school should be 150 and the upper secondary school at 180.	labels:Is he one-on-one?
text:We have an extra one-to-one education, and when a student comes, he will reserve eight teachers, and when he does, he will not take the high test, he will not take the intermediate exam, he may not have access to a psychologist and our pre-testing specialist for a short period of time. Of course, his teacher, his assistant teacher and our assistant teacher, as well as our teacher-in-charge, will need it every month.I don't think so.The student may have had a lot of minor habits that his parents could not see before, but many of us were looking at him, changing his way of learning by talking about his behavior and public opinion behaviour. After a certain cycle, he had completed his own study and had adapted to the process, seeing the results of his learning and telling him how to do it later, because the student could not hear it at first, because his habits had been developed, and we had only corrected his habits to bind him, and then arranged his methods later, so every step of the story had been targeted and had been prepared for himself.I don't think so.Because we've spent three years on this bacon-hundred lake project, because we've always had students from our five-person class, eight-person class, who don't understand, want one-on-one, who are afraid to take them, and after three years of research, we've prepared them in conjunction with advanced teaching concepts.	labels:I'd rather ask him how long he'd be able to achieve a goal I'd hoped for.
text:One of our learning cycles is generally a six-month cycle in June, which essentially completes the adaptation of students ' habits and behavioural constraints.I don't think so.When the second cycle is completed, it usually takes almost a year for students to reach a self-study situation, which is generally the case, but in this process parents do not see this effect in the last day, nor do students feel it in the last day, because I am not going to give it to him, or just give it to him.I don't think so.We've been seeing student progress in the process, and if it's not going well, it's not going to be realistic to say a good result, which is that it's going to be empty-mouthed. We're saying that I've promised you what I've just said, what I can guarantee in the first class, what I can guarantee in the middle, what I can guarantee in the middle, what I can guarantee, what I can guarantee in the middle, what may be good in the process, the process in the end, the process in the end, he can't leave, he can't end up seeing the end result, and he's going to finish every class, and he's going to be able to do it, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do it.	labels:Let me ask him, how does it feel to have confidence? Just say a few words. What's up? Let's go over later.
text:Okay.	labels:I've got something on my side. Why don't you go ahead and get busy, and I'll call you back, okay?
text:I want to see what you think.	labels:Just one word, okay.
text:Then let him arrange his classes as soon as possible and let him listen. If the student wants to listen, we'll give him a chance.	labels:It is true that I hear it every day, and I will continue here if I do not feel that I can do this on my own.
text:It's clear to you that these teachers speak better than you do at your school. You can hear it. It's what you want to hear. Good, not 1:00. Let's listen here.I don't think so.I told the schoolteacher that we weren't here. If it's good, it's good for you. He's about regenerative. You don't understand the style of the lecture. He's a street manager. And it's not good for you.I don't think so.It's important that he be able to meet your learning requirements and your knowledge acquisition requirements.I don't think so.So when I asked you about your teacher, you said no, but I did, and I'll ask you, and then I'll find a teacher that suits you, and you can ask me any questions you have from your parents, because it's a big deal after all.	labels:Wait until the inner structure is finished and feel it and then do it right.
text:Yes.	labels:So let's go back and think about it.
text:It's all right when you hear it, and then you think about it.
text:That way.	labels:Because I'm sorry to say too much to the teacher, which means we're very willing to come to this school, but now we're going to go back and think about it a little bit.
text:Wait at the girl's door for a minute.	labels:Go on.
text:Sitting on the front bench is fine, not for a very long period of two minutes.	labels:(c) Cost implications.
text:You'll think about two issues, because many parents sit before you, and if they don't, it's not normal.I don't think so.Yes, the most important problem is that students learn well and not well.	labels:The second is the question of costs, and I think I'm very hopeful and I agree with him very much, and I'm very encouraging him, because I'm going back and I'm going back and I'm going to build him up again, and he's agreed, and that's fine.I don't think so.We're sitting here for the first time, listening to the teacher, we're going back for a little bit, we're rubbing again, and we're done with a perfect answer.
text:Because I don't understand what this student said at home, thinking about it, there must be something, because there's something he needs to try to get in touch with, because I didn't force the student to leave today, because I don't want the student to leave, because I fear you'll be embarrassed because we're all studying, because we're talking about it in the back, and I don't want him to be able to talk about it because of some of the factors that affect his attitude and judgment.I don't think so.My words today also want to end with an opportunity for a student, because, after all, he is good to the students, and he is also hopeful that many of the issues that need to be taken into account when he comes back to think. But I can think of two, one for fees, and one for learning poorly. The question of costs can actually be put back in time, which is a relatively low level of truth for our team in Loyang. You can look at the other lows, which we collect at a price for our old cadets, and black consumption is bound to rise.I don't think so.This, of course, is also not particularly well prepared for possible parental contact or impressions before, because the teaching of this diversified economy may not be well prepared or remain in a tutorial class of hundreds of dollars per semester, because this is a big trend, all of which is in demand, and the student may not be in a position to meet his learning needs at the present time and may not be in a much better position to do so.I don't think so.That's what I'm talking about today, hoping to give the students a chance to do so, and of course it's your idea, and then I'll write you the phone, thank you.I don't think so.There's something I shouldn't say, but sometimes it feels like I'm being forced to do, but it's not.	labels:No, I appreciate what you said today, as I have seen, but I have been too busy at this job to necessarily give me a phone call.
text:I'm still a blood donor.	labels:I work on TV, but I really didn't take care of the kids, and I'm close.
text:Four TV stations work, and there's always a chance for an interview, until this girl learns from us, right here, and then something like that.	labels:It's me now, and I'm doing it alone, and you're feeling it, but I'm grateful because I'm actually having a hard time, and it's not a problem with money. I mean, I'm just saying that I'm having a bit of a problem with character, and I think I feel like I'm having a lot of stress, but I still want him to be healthy and happy.
text:In fact, when the girl left, I said that my family was also a girl, and that my family had been my girl for seven months, um, seven months in July, but for the girl, what parents saw was not that his scores and abilities were actually minor, but that the key was that he had a healthy and happy development and had a proper vision of life and values.I don't think so.Because after all, I am more feudal personally, and perhaps more women are looking for a job that is relatively stable and easier, and more responsible for taking care of their families. As you have just said, your greatest guilt may now be very limited to his learning, which may be your greatest guilt.I don't think so.It may be the nature of the work that determines it.	labels:Really.
text:There are reasons for this, whether students come or not, then come to us for a communication about family education, and then, if it is true that parents are busy, you can entrust it to us, then come here every day, then do your homework there and then go home.	labels:Basically, I'm still full of time because it's just me personally, but he's even stronger than it is, that is to say, that he has two parents and he can't bring his children, but I can do business almost all the time, but when it's hard for us to communicate, it's hard for us to think that something just like a mountain can't get past it, and it's hard for us to get over it, and even cause some continuity.
text:Well, it's a bad thing to care about a relationship like this, but there are some ways you don't, and I don't think that this is something that you're actually paying attention to in your work life, but when it's the right time to think I'm out and then I'm home and I'm tired, and it's okay, and it's late today, and then you take the student, and then the student knows what time we're going to keep, and we're going to make an appointment, and we're going to give him a lesson, and then we're going to listen to this later, and I'll try to be tomorrow.	labels:Why don't you arrange a word with me?
text:All right, back if you learn today.	labels:In the afternoon or tomorrow, the sooner you don't plan it, the better.
text:When he heard about it, he took it very seriously, why are the students in a hurry, why there's only 10 days left for the monthly exam and then the monthly exam, and the setback of each test is a blow. He doesn't have a problem with self-confidence, and the students have a better idea.	labels:But there's a good sign of it.
text:Strong girls don't have an opinion, or they follow the waves.Talker 5.He's very good, teacher. We're doing an analysis for the students today. At least I don't know if you're here to make sure that two teachers are helpful.	labels:You just saw it.Talker 5.It's not after this familiar street life.Talk to the 6th.We're friends, and we can still say hello to 10.
text:Ten of those.Talk to the 6th.Yes.Talker 5.Looking.Talk to the 6th.No reason.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Uh-huh. Hello, is this Xu Xiaojie's dad?	labels:What do you mean?
text:Is Xu Xiaojie home? Because he has a class today, but he's not here.	labels:He didn't come today.
text:Right.	labels:I'll ask him how many times he showed up.
text:From 5:30 to 7:30, he should know what he said. I'm afraid he forgot. I just called him and he didn't answer.	labels:Make a phone call.
text:And then you're not with him, are you?	labels:I'm in the field.
text:Well, I'll call him again, okay?	labels:Okay. Maybe I forgot.
text:I'm sorry. It's okay. Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:I'm his brilliant physics teacher. Teacher Jung is gone.	labels:Hello, teacher, right.
text:Jo Li hasn't called you since she came to class. I'll call you today.	labels:Okay.
text:Just call me if anything happens to my phone number.	labels:Okay.
text:He recently gave him the first chapter of the first high note, because he doesn't know if you know it, you don't know it's hard in high school physics, but it must be hard to say it anyway. Then I tell him a little bit more, just a little bit more, and we'll say a little bit more.I don't think so.The main thing is, I don't think it's going to be too fast, but it's going to be easier for him to get off the job, because he's better at the physical start of the first grade. It's not good if he doesn't learn to start.I don't think so.Then it's basically chapter one, and it's two more sessions, two more sessions, two more sessions, two more sessions, and the first chapter, we're going to go over it, we're going to go over it, we're going to go over it, we're going to talk about mechanics, we're going to talk about mechanics, we're going to teach him about mechanics.I don't think so.It was very difficult for both of them, and I was going to give him a test after the first chapter, so that I could give him an exam and take him home.	labels:He usually doesn't practice.
text:In his usual words, he did not do much of his other work and was very serious about the work of the objects.	labels:Yeah, he went home. He said I liked physics teachers. He said it was fun to hear you, he wanted to hear it. He was right.
text:Because physics is inherently very boring, and if it looks rough and boring, students don't want to hear it at all.I don't think so.If you don't want to tell him what you can't learn, then I'm going to tell him something interesting, and I'm going to give some interesting examples, and maybe I'm going to learn, and I'm going to have to learn, and I'm not going to be able to do that if I don't want to.	labels:He said you didn't even talk like you did. He said it sounded funny, and it wasn't the way teachers used to say it.
text:That's good.	labels:He went home and said that I liked physics teachers so much that he said he wanted to sleep more often than he used to.
text:Yeah, he told me something. He said he was coming to my side. I said yes. He's seen me before.	labels:When he came home, he started giving him a lesson, and he said it was good to be home, and he said that I really wanted to hear it, and I wanted to hear it more and more than I wanted to hear it, and he said 300 didn't even look like a class, and he said that he was not so right.
text:Because it's boring, he doesn't want to hear it. I teach more years, especially in high school physics, because he doesn't even want to hear it, right?	labels:Yes.
text:So what I told him was interesting, and I'm going to make him a test volume when I'm almost done on the first one. Well, thank him for the very good work he's done at the start of his work, which has been a little more than once in a while, and then he's probably not done well, and I said to him, I said, "You can't do three minutes of heat, then you're doing good work, and you're not doing very well."	labels:Yeah, right.
text:I want him to hold on, and I want him to be very serious at the start of the job, and I want him to hold on to it. Then, just after the next test, I'll ask him to give him a hand and let him take the time back. Will you take a look?	labels:Okay.
text:Then I'll call you back and analyze it, okay?	labels:Good-bye.
text:Are you busy?	labels:Okay, there's nothing on the phone.
text:Just call me if you need anything.	labels:Bye-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hi, I'm Xie Chia Sung, his chemistry teacher. Yeah, his mom, right?	labels:Right.
text:I'm busy. We met last time. Are we busy now?	labels:Nope.
text:Busy? He's still in the house? Yeah. I told you about his recent studies yesterday. I didn't actually teach him anything yesterday, so I said something nice about him, and I felt like he wasn't studying at home all the time, writing homework at home sometimes, showing up at home, doing homework or studying.	labels:He's not so conscious in the house. He does homework and does something else.
text:Yeah, I asked him when I came, and he said I'd write my homework at home, and then I'd go to sleep and play with my cell phone. I said you'd come here to study. He didn't come all the time the first two weeks, and then he wouldn't come all the time. I told him yesterday when he was available and when he wasn't available. Didn't he want to train?	labels:The training was 135, 135,4235 and there was no other time available.
text:135 mornings are, uh, training, then no training in the afternoon, and 246 is training, right?	labels:Right.
text:I've been telling him for a long time while you were at home, and I said you don't want to be in the house, and then I came to this place, and when I saw you, I could give it to you, and I could ask you when I saw you, right? Then I didn't seem to want to learn too much in the house.	labels:No, there's a reason why I didn't, uh, yesterday or the day before yesterday, we didn't talk to Mr. Tsui at the teacher's office to ask him to make up for it after school, right?I don't think so.He talked to me on the way, and he said that he was all about it, that he was not the first to introduce us, that he was going to an educational adviser, that they were selling them, that they wanted me to make up for my classes, that he was concerned about me at first, and that you didn't ask him about him for a few weeks later.
text:Is that what it looks like?	labels:Yeah, he said he had to be satisfied with his confidence when he first talked to them. I took him to the station at 8:00 a.m. every morning, and he came by himself, right?I don't think so.He said I wouldn't go to classes there. Ask the teacher. The teacher said he had all the subjects. He said he had done everything for my mom. The weeks had passed. He said that they were asking me if I was there or not, that there was no one to take care of me, and that it was not the same.
text:Sometimes it may be that Mr. Chen was recently in a situation and then went home, but I usually did, and then he went back. I said I texted him all the time. I told him you weren't coming tomorrow or anything. I told him to come all the time.	labels:Saying what he said to me, we talked about it, like he said that when Mom and they took the money, they didn't care much about you, and he said that you cared about you before you came, that you were okay from the beginning, that nobody asked me in, that's not the same thing this time, so it's all the same.
text:Did he say that his English teacher and his chemistry teacher also didn't care about him?	labels:I don't know how the English teacher and the chemistry teacher asked him, and he said that the two teachers were okay. He said that you could do your homework. I said that you could do it. He said that he could. He said he didn't. Mr. Choi said that you were going to finish high school before you graduated, or the best door on your side, or the worst one.
text:It's actually his personality that you should know, but he's doing things that he usually does, and he's going to do, and he's going to be able to say that he's got a lot of things that look like they're not, and he doesn't know it, but he feels like he does.	labels:That's what happened to him.
text:It's not just his problem that I find not particularly serious, actually.	labels:And I told him if you didn't finish your lesson, you wouldn't understand. Can you do it on your own?I don't think so.I say you do this all the time, and I've asked you before if you can do it, and I've had such a bad test since then, I say.
text:And I told him yesterday, and I said to him, "Look at him, he told me that I was actually good at chemistry, and then I said for this final exam, and I said for sure that he said, "Why did I say this?" He said that because it wasn't serious, you weren't serious enough for so many 100 points. He always attributed it to him, and he seemed not serious about it.	labels:If he had been serious, he would have done one thing if he had taken it seriously, and he was not so reassured as if he had no feelings of oppression.
text:I've been seeing him for two days.	labels:I also found out that he didn't know he wanted to go to your side for a while. Why? I said what you were doing. I was in my house in the south in the morning. After I left, I said you'd wait there.I don't think so.I told him you were going there at 8:00 a.m. and he said no one would care to go there. I'd rather do it at home. I said if you could just take care of yourself.
text:But I know this question, and when he told me about it, he said I'd sit in the house, and I said you'd be serious about all the mistakes you made, and sometimes he'd tell me, but he'd do it for the second time, and I said it's not serious in the house, you play with your cell phones, and there's no culture of learning at all. I said you'd be here, and then you'd be here all the time, and you wouldn't be able to ask me, and sometimes I'd just look at you.I don't think so.Anyway, he said yes, and I talked to him about it for almost an hour yesterday, and he said that for some time, he wanted to be here, and I saw that he was still not here today, and that there were times when you urged the kids to come over, let him try again, let him try again.I don't think so.Yesterday it was as if he was asking him to come on a Sunday when he started school. I told him about it yesterday. When you saw us studying during the summer, we were actually studying first, so it's still equal, and if you don't, you're definitely behind, aren't you?I don't think so.It's better that way, but we're going to do it after the summer vacation, if you know what his personality is like, and he probably feels it, then he's not going to make a lot of mistakes with his type of questions, and he sometimes thinks he's not serious, he doesn't find it, and he doesn't find it, and there's so many other student teachers in school that he may not find it, so it's only a week at this time, and you see that if there's only chemistry and English, then there's only two lessons a week, so every week he's gonna have problems, or if he's doing the test work at school, and what we're not going to know, and then he's going to talk about it and then he's going through it, and I'll just tell him that.I don't think so.Especially if he thinks it's more expensive. But when you think about it, if it's more expensive, you see that I gave him a summer break, and if it's summer, he's been here for five or six lessons a week, and he's been here for a long time, two lessons a week at a regular time. The parents themselves almost told the kids yesterday, then let the kids talk about it again, and it's only two lessons a week a month apart, eight lessons a month, and some other time when they don't feel like it, he can come to him, and he will. Of course, each door, if it's really good, doesn't have to be when he needs it, and then we're in class.	labels:I need to talk to him. After he started school, he made sure he didn't want to come.
text:The child ' s personality is still particularly sensitive and may be particularly busy at times, sometimes at this time of the summer, as there are more children and sometimes at the same time, not at all.	labels:You've been thinking too much about uploading it or last year? You're here to make it up.I don't think so.He's a good teacher. He's got a lot of faith in himself.I don't think so.So long after that.
text:He thinks.	labels:Nobody seems to care about him, he says.
text:Rather, he should be the type of child who should be of concern, either by the majority of teachers or by paying attention to him, and he would be interested in studying, or he would be more interested in trying, especially positive.I don't think so.Positive, as you can see, the previous period was particularly positive, and it may have been a little busy for the headmaster and he may not have been able to take care of him.	labels:It seemed like he hated it when he talked to him all the time. On the way home, he said I couldn't. I didn't want to go after the summer vacation.
text:That's what he thought.	labels:Is that right with him?I don't think so.So it's like people don't care when they're at home.
text:But chemistry and his English teacher often, but I think it's one of the two of us, and I think he's good, and I think it's okay.I don't think so.Yeah, the idea of you asking the kid again is that I'm trying to get him to base his grades on his grades because I asked him if his English might be so good if he said math English, right?I don't think so.Recently, he thought that he wanted to take a copy, and I counted it with him yesterday, at least 115 points, but he must not be able to do it now in English, and he said that it would be a little difficult to look at his results at 120,120, and that he might be sensitive to children at some point in the current programme, and that parents would appreciate it.I don't think so.It's not that the teacher doesn't care about him, it's not that the teacher and the headmaster don't care about him. There may be a time when he feels in his heart that there may be a contrast. In the first place, because he's a new child, no one should pay attention to him. Later on, he's familiar with the environment. Maybe the headmaster used to look at him a little less hard.	labels:It's not so coercive, it's as if he's come to see it from time to time from time to time when he's doing his homework there. It's okay if you come or not. He's doing his homework here.I don't think so.That means nobody asked, so he said he didn't want to go.
text:That's what it looks like, isn't it?I don't think so.Previous paragraph.	labels:Time we told him to stand here today, and he didn't come here the day before yesterday, and he did it with me on the way.
text:Yeah.	labels:I think he's been having trouble at home lately and he's willing to go home, and he's carrying a bag every day, and I say you always say that I can ask him if I go there.
text:Yeah, well, maybe I'm just saying it's probably the first thing that's going to be a little bit different from what's happening right now, and then there's a big gap in the kid's heart, and then he's really lost, isn't there?	labels:One thing is, if he's very concerned, he seems to be very motivated.
text:Yes, in fact, the English teacher, I also know that he talks to him sometimes, and he says,	labels:After he spoke to me, the English teacher said that he was very good.
text:Look what he's got against me.	labels:Last year I asked him how he was, and he said it was okay.
text:Anyway, from this point of view, me and his English teacher, I think the kid's pretty good.I don't think so.If I don't do all these questions in detail, it's like I'm just going to do it or not.	labels:It's not too much to ask for.
text:It's not as demanding as it is.	labels:I'll talk to him later anyway.
text:Let him, as far as possible, speak to him during the day as we were before, yesterday for a long time, and today I cannot say that he has time to spend every day, that he has to train in the morning, that he will come when he is free in the afternoon, and that he will come at 26, too.I don't think so.He was here yesterday because he told me that he actually felt good about chemistry, that I didn't really look good, that I felt good about chemistry, that I was in English for a while, that I did spend a lot of time on chemistry, that he did, that's what he told me, and that's right, when September was like the beginning of August, he said that I wasted a month in July and a month, and that I had to study in August.I don't think so.At the end of August, there was a school entrance exam. You're fine. You haven't finished your summer work. You won't do your summer work here. Why don't you just ask him?	labels:Okay, okay. I'll talk to him, too. Okay.
text:Let him come often.	labels:All right, all right.
text:It's okay. You're busy. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Is that what Wang Yoo-won is trying to tell his mother? You say. Yes. Because I didn't study for a new senior year in the first half of the year, I basically finished telling him all about iron and aluminium. Then I started with last week, and I analysed this grade, and he wasn't very clear about what he said, basically.	labels:Put that kind of thing.
text:He himself suggested something that wasn't very well understood, and something that I thought was more important in my senior year, and he kept telling him the whole story, accepting it was as good as it was, at least in class, and I felt it was good to do it and interact with him, but I still didn't like it, so I didn't tell my mom at the parents' meeting last time that she was going to do a test, right?	labels:He doesn't want to, does he?
text:Yes or not, I'd like to be properly directed.	labels:I'll talk to him again.I don't think so.Because I told him what I said, and then he said yes, and then one time he told me that it was not necessary, he said.
text:Yeah, so I wanted to learn something about iron and aluminium, and I wanted him to do something about the new class in addition to a set of test papers.	labels:It's not right, you can sum up.
text:Or he said to me, but he said that I took the new class for the sake of simplicity after me, so he didn't have to hold it.	labels:That's what I'm gonna do if I don't talk to him. I think there's still a need to do something.
text:Yeah, I mean, let's see if he's got time to test it, see what's going on, 'cause he doesn't always, uh, what's his usual arrangement? What do you mean, he's basically not in my class at night?	labels:He's only taking your classes at night, and no one else has arranged it, if there's no arrangement.
text:Yeah, it's a little early, and it's about an hour or so ahead of me to make an exam. I think it's okay or not, isn't it?	labels:How about today?
text:I'll advise you anyway, I'll be there tomorrow, I'll talk to him again tonight, and then I'll let him take the exam tomorrow, and I'll probably say it again on a temporary basis if we come to the exam tonight.	labels:It's not like that either, because I'll be home soon, and then I'll talk to him when I get home, and then if he doesn't object too strongly, I'll come earlier today, and I'll take him earlier. He usually comes early. I usually send him here at 6:30 p.m. at 7:40.I don't think so.He then reads books at the front desk and at the Xinhua Bookshop.
text:I can see it from time to time, and then I want my mother to communicate with the children as much as possible, because I didn't seem to have had much fun with the kids the other day.	labels:One day I got so angry, I got into a big fight.
text:Didn't I say he was in my class the other day?I don't think so.I feel sorry for myself, I feel sorry for myself, but it's okay, because the kids are willing to tell me these things, and I'm going to analyze them with him, so I'm going to say that one thing is probably for the good of the child, isn't it?I don't think so.And then I thought if I told you to change your mind and think about it, you know what this mother really wants, but he probably means it sometimes.	labels:Try to communicate with him, he may sometimes be the way I speak to him, he thinks he's touched his bottom line, or he can't accept it, and then he's arguing with me, maybe someone else, maybe the teacher could talk to him or something, he might or I should talk to him in a different way.I don't think so.In fact, I know that I had a very impulsive fight with him that day, and his father was angry, and he came back at night anyway, because I wasn't worried, he came home alone at night, and he said I came to pick you up, and I didn't tell him that night, and I came to pick him up, and then I looked at him, and I looked at him at him, and he was out of the door for a hundred years, and he called me, right?I don't think so.He wanted to see if I was coming, and although he said he didn't want me to, the child did, but I didn't. He said he didn't see me. He said he said he didn't see me, and he said I came back, but I looked at him, and then he just walked back.I don't think so.But I didn't tell him either. I saw him walk in the house alone, and I let him walk alone, because he came back with a very tough card, and I thought you'd come back alone.I don't think so.And then the next day, instead of coming to your side of the class, the other day, I said I'd come to pick him up at night and say he said he had agreed to come and take a look at it, which means that he might have been more receptive to it after a different approach.
text:It's possible he's a little more stubborn because of his child's character, and you feel like you're going to be a little bit more stubborn with him.	labels:He can't stand it if he's tough.
text:He told me about him and he said that if Mom and Dad talked to me directly about certain matters, rather than saying that they were imposed, yes, if it was the feeling that was always emphasized, I would not want anyone to have to give them to me.	labels:That's what he means, so I know I'm the one who tested the test, and you can't go to the test with him, see how it's done, or how well it's done, right?I don't think so.Maybe I can tell him that you're going to go to school later, and you know what's more important, see what's different or what you're saying to Mr. Wang, and talk to him, and I'll see if I can get here early today, if I can't, tomorrow, and if you don't, I'll talk to him at night, and if you don't, you talk to him at school today.
text:I also mentioned it to him because, as I said last time, when I was at my parents' meeting, my mother said that this was also a way of communicating with you, and that I would try to get him to take the new class, at least in those parts of my senior year.I don't think so.And then try because it is.	labels:So, I told him you were going to start school, so it's a comprehensive review.
text:This can also be done.	labels:In a different way, tell him he might be more comfortable with it.I don't think so.You can't take it if you just tell me how much you've got for a test in freshman year.
text:Okay, well, my mom's here talking to the kids, and I'm not trying to get him to admit that it's best for him to be in the way, because I'm talking to him about seniors, what he feels is not very clear, and some of the knowledge that I think it's a little harder.	labels:I'll tell him that sometimes they're more subjective than one-sided, and if you test it together, you can get a general picture.
text:Maybe we know what it's like to be tall, we don't have anything ourselves, maybe we don't have any cocoa at this point.	labels:I think you got it. The teacher thinks you got it, but you still don't, do you?
text:Yeah, so I suggested it would be better if I could test it. Okay.	labels:Anyway.
text:You talk to the kid in the back, and I'll talk to him.	labels:Otherwise, when I get back, I'll tell him I'll call you if he wants to, and I'll be early tonight.I don't think so.If he doesn't want to, I won't call you tomorrow at class and you'll talk to him today at class.
text:Yeah, well, let's just say, what's the problem after the baby, and Mom's gonna call me again? Okay, okay, good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Teacher Wong.	labels:I'm Teacher Jung.
text:Teacher Jung. Mm-hmm.	labels:I'll ask Hua how he's doing at home.
text:You come back like you don't do homework.	labels:This is not a homework. The last time I came to listen to Mr. Ho, I talked to him about it. I talked to him about it. I told him how to learn in the third grade, told him about it, and then he listened, and he said I was going to fight.
text:He didn't have much to build when he came back. Did you see he was supposed to do math today?I don't think so.So today he went to his former teacher, Mr. Xu, and came back late, and then he called Mr. Huang and said,	labels:But go.
text:Not now. I came back and I told him to back him up. The chemical element, yes.	labels:Watching TV.I don't think so.I talked to him last time, and he said that Mr. Zhao was right. I'm going to study. I'm going to fight in the third year.
text:He said that to me, and he said that Mom was going to fight, and I said, "What's the use of your mouth?" I said, "What's the use of your mouth?" I said, "You're going to move, and now he's going to watch TV."I don't think so.He came back to do his homework and did it for a short period of time, because I couldn't see it either. I went out to work at 6:00 a.m., and sometimes it was between 3:00 and 4:00, and I didn't even know it.I don't think so.I don't know.	labels:He said what he was doing at home.
text:What's going on in the house, I'm going to keep the TV under control, I'm not going to watch it, and he's going to read it outside the home. But the problem is that I can't take it all away from him. I'm not right. I can only take his remote control off him.	labels:Is there a net at home? It's a net.
text:But it won't. I've got all the codes on it.	labels:I can't. You don't learn what you just did at home, so waste your time.
text:Yeah, so you see how hard I am against him, you know? But there's no way he's not staring at him and doing what I do.	labels:You send him to Kyung-seo, I'll look at him.
text:Send it to Kyung-seo.	labels:But he didn't want to come over.
text:Ask him if he's happy. Sometimes he says he's in the seat and then he'll run to the library.	labels:You went to the library, didn't you?
text:You read the book first, you don't seem to have heard it in the meantime. Last time, it was like Teacher Wong called me. I said he didn't. You're not always there, every day, I've been there.	labels:I'm here every day. I'm in a couple of classes a day.
text:Yes.	labels:I told you there's sometimes a school, sometimes a hundred years.
text:Right, then.	labels:I don't know, if he doesn't study at home, he won't be able to spend much time at home.I don't think so.And then, without a lecture, I gave him a test paper, and it would be useful for him to do something every day.
text:Sometimes he used to say he couldn't find you, you weren't there, but where you were, and sometimes he didn't know.	labels:I thought he was good to say what he said to me. I thought I had to start studying at home, so I had to make a phone call.
text:Not so you can talk to him now, okay?	labels:What's the matter with you? Why are you watching TV at home? I said you're watching TV at home, and then you should learn. I'm studying in the morning. I'm studying in the morning, right?I don't think so.I'm going to study in the morning, I'm going to see what you're learning in the afternoon, and you tell me. You didn't have to make a copy of a pressurized book, I read that book, and there were some things on it, and I'm going to read it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to do it, and I'm going to tell you what we're talking about.I don't think so.Lately, it's not like we're having a negative heat, then we're working.I don't think so.You know, it doesn't look like you're gonna be able to do a job, so let's go over these two. I said you couldn't say it in the house. I told you last time I talked to you, you said I had to fight, I had to fight, and then I went home to watch TV, right?I don't think so.It's true that the next time I come to you, I'll talk to you about the consultation. You're not the one that you told Mr. Jung, this is your listener? Am I not? Then I listened, and I gave you my opinion. You can't do it. You can't do it. You watch the book on TV when you're okay. You know, if you're okay during the day, you'll find out.I don't think so.I'll get you something to do for two days. I know. Of course, I know you're squeezing me like that. You didn't study well. Now you hear it. You can't keep your mother worried, can you?I don't think so.Then I thought about it, so I said I had to be so big to understand.I don't think so.Okay, I'm gonna come over and talk to you about this some other day. I know, okay. Your Sunday class is over 100. I'm busy on Sunday, I think I'm busy.I don't think so.Didn't I tell you? I have a sister who has a promotion dinner and I'm going to dinner? It's Sunday. It's like I'm going to try at night, so it's like I can't make it, so I'm coming over and I'm going to change your time, and I'm going to wait until next week and I'm going to call you?	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is Wang Shiquin's mother? Hello, I'm Kim's chemistry teacher. Hello, because I've had 4000 lessons, and I'll tell you about his class, the type of children who feel so smart, and then what they say will soon be well received, and what they do, and he'll be flexible, and he'll be able to hold it well, and then he'll be a little low-sighted, like they said, for example, when I let him learn something about chemistry, carry on some elemental symbols, and some equations, and he'll say that the teacher will not have to work, and that's right, and then it's very slow.	labels:If you don't tell him what to do, tell him to die, tell him what I'm going to do in my next class. If you don't tell him what he's been doing for years, I'll tell him. If you tell him what he's going to do and what he's going to do, you give him a death order, because if you tell him what I'm going to do, he's going to have to do with both my kids, and the big, and the smaller, and every teacher tells me he's smart, and he doesn't even yell at him, and I think he's growing up, but you know what?
text:Yes, and then I asked him what I wanted to say about you, what you said, what you did later, what you wanted to do, what you wanted to do, what you said was not chemical enough, and what I said was chemically, and then he said that I was mean to him, because I was not familiar with the first lesson, because he wanted me to take him chemically, because he said that he wanted me to take him, and I didn't really know the first class, and secondly, I found the problem, and I didn't do it again, and then I told him how you were going to do it, just like you just gave me the advice you just gave me, and then after he finished the second class, he said he felt like you were going to be a little bit more strict with him.	labels:That's what two kids do. You give him a death order, you say yes and no. He's very good at picking something for him. He can choose not to do it, and then he says yes, but you make him go, right?I don't think so.It's not that he won't, but it's not as easy as anyone else.
text:And there it is.	labels:He forgot, because what he didn't remember was easy to forget.
text:For example, if you ask him to carry 20 elements, and because he's smarter, he gets faster, and then I say you consolidate it again, and he says you don't have to smoke, and there's not a few left. I say you can't do it. I say I'll let you copy it if you don't want to. I'll copy it 100 times. I'm sure I won't let him do it.I don't think so.And I said to him, and I said, "Don't do it again," and then he did, and then he thought I was mean.	labels:He likes to be close to the teacher and then close to the teacher, who sometimes loses his face.
text:He's like that.	labels:That's all, so every time I see a teacher, I'll tell him what you're supposed to do, and you do it your way, and you don't say that it's like a kid's afraid he's not gonna get up there or get up in self-esteem, but sometimes you get up to his self-esteem, and maybe something more serious than yourself is going to happen.
text:If it's the kid's, uh, if it's really something to teach, then it's more powerful to bring up a late child, and I think I'm going to have a second class to know how hard I feel about him, and he says that you're not very gentle and gentle, and how you're so mean to me. I say I can't do this to you. I can't. I'm responsible for you.	labels:I'm looking at the kids, too, aren't I?I don't think so.You said there were kids who said I did it, and I said he was dead, like you said I told you three times and five times and you didn't write it. You said it was normal for me to be you, right? Yes, and I like to say that my teacher, according to the principles of your teaching, says what to do, and that some things are flexible for him, but in the end, there is something that is very rigid.
text:There's something you should try to do or you're gonna do.I don't think so.And then I said, "You're a good slender, like when people say you're fishing, and you're lucky you don't go anywhere, and you're just trying to save time, and then you're going to have to do the same thing with the rest of them who aren't very smart, and then the normal students are going to have the same results, and that's what I'm going to say to him.I don't think so.Then he thinks I'm scaring him, and I say I'm not scaring you, and I'm telling you what the consequences of this continuation are, and then he says he'll probably hear it, and he says that my section 1, section 2, has changed so much.	labels:There's nothing I don't think I should ask for research, because he's old or something, and I think there's something I should delete, and yeah, because it's normal for us to be introduced at that age, because some things aren't strong enough for ourselves, and some things really suck, so it's normal for me, right?
text:That is the need for him to begin to accept criticism slowly and then go on to correct it, rather than just listen to what others say, okay, so I think it might help him a little bit more.	labels:Or he thinks you look at me and they say I'm good, and it feels like I have no faults, and he doesn't have to reflect.I don't think so.Yeah, I think there's too much credit for kids now.
text:But I think it's up to you to look at every child.	labels:He's really sweet, isn't he? Maybe it's natural.
text:There's a little bit of that reason.	labels:We're going to be okay? Because he's going to do the patience we're going to give him, but he's not going to be patient, he's going to be iron discipline, because he's reacting, he's talented, he's not going to be able to do it, he's not going to be able to do it.I don't think so.Right.
text:I'm also going to adjust later, keep it going, and then hopefully he's not just going to learn, and then the whole habit is going to change the way it is.I don't think so.If you have time for the new teacher today, then we'll talk about it later, then we'll see you later, we'll see you later, and we'll see what happens later.	labels:You see? Okay, okay. Thank you, good-bye.
text:Bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:How's my teacher Jin Woo's exam going?	labels:I don't know what the score is. Is that what they're gonna tell you?
text:When he comes up with the rankings, he doesn't have to tell you directly, but he'll know when he's in class, for example, when he's not in the entrance exam, if he's in the exam, he seems to have 50 per cent of the examination results, and then you're in the class, if you're not in the middle, you're 50 per cent of the class, and then you're in the first class, you're in the experimental class, you're in the next class, you're in the same class, and you'll know how well you're in the class.I don't think so.If he does not give a specific notice of merit, you can ask the class director after the shift. He will have a report card, or you will know it when you sign up.	labels:He just said he had a physical and chemical feeling, and he did a little bit of math when he said he had a problem. He said he didn't learn it in high school, and then he said it was hard to read it in English, and they had a few.
text:Other students reflected, and were in the same position as him, that they did not know whether the questions he would answer would be very good, and if he was wrong, that would be a good test.I don't think so.Some of the students he had reflected that situation, as if mathematics were high-grade promotions.I don't think so.Didn't Mr. Cheung Sheng Wang study for him?	labels:The point of knowledge is that he knows he will.I don't think so.You said Mr. Seo.
text:Chemically, it's basically the third grade.	labels:I'll call Kim Woo later.
text:Hey, Joon, isn't chemistry all out there? Yeah.
text:Select some of the options in the option to say something about separation or something.
text:The outgoing teacher told you that we still have a very high amount of gold in our two classes, and I wanted to give you a few after the first class, and then I found out that you're going to have to review the whole test, which means that we saved you from the initial points, and then the ion and the oxidation reaction unit, as well as the subject of the experiment after the general review.
text:It's actually very simple for me to think.
text:All right, look.
text:It's probably because I didn't do it seriously.
text:Don't you think it's hard to choose?I don't think so.No, that could take him.
text:You said there was only half a piece of paper on the address.
text:It's a rare subject, and he may be focusing on math, and math may not be too hard to come out.
text:There's a three-way formula for high school, and I'm not wrong.
text:It's not possible Mr. Zhang hasn't studied the formula yet. It's harder to read it in English, is it?
text:I don't even know what the subject is.
text:I don't even know what the subject is.
text:Perhaps there is not enough word for a word.
text:If you go to high school in English, you'll be taller than you'll ever be in English.I don't think so.And then it's a little more complicated to remind you of your grammar. Yes, you have to get used to it. It's okay. It's okay when you see it coming out. It's okay when we're done. We'll just take it. We'll see what we can do later. You don't have to think too much about it.I don't think so.You'll get one at a time, one at a time, and one at a time.I don't think so.All right, then we'll take it like a new class, which is high school, and I'll try to give you the first semester before you start, but you'll be easier when you go to high school, because you'll have to learn it all, won't you?	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:It's Xu Li Wai's mom, I'm Mr. Qiu.
text:Hello, Miss Chan.
text:He left me with his handouts and a small bag of papers today.	labels:Maybe we're going too fast today.
text:Something's pulling over your side.
text:Before the lecture class.	labels:The chemistry gave it, and the little thing was pulling me, and the pen was with me.
text:Why don't you take it next week if there's no homework, no homework.	labels:Yes, yes, yes.
text:How could this kid suck?
text:Didn't follow him after class.	labels:We're all going to look at the experiment, then we're going to watch the experiment with him, then we're going to have a teacher pick up the peanuts, then we're going to eat some of the experiment videos, and we're just having fun seeing him, and then we're going to forget, and he says good-bye to the teacher.
text:And then I found out that it was all his stuff on the computer.
text:Okay, but the reward's on your side next time, and you're setting up his homework this time.
text:Let him be a little bit behind the lecture, and then most of the stuff he's going to see.
text:What do you want me to do? When do you want me to pick it up?
text:I'm basically because sometimes I'm going to teach high school, half the time free, and I'm not sure.
text:What do you think? I'll see you next week.
text:Next week, or next week, or when you're coming, I'll put it at the teacher's side, and then you can come and get it.
text:'Cause you're a little far from Phoenix, and you're not gonna make it.	labels:All right, all right.
text:Okay, well, then he's fine today, and he's doing his post-school homework today, and he's taught us a few topics.	labels:And then a few of them went to Pong-hyun High School.
text:He didn't make it, but I thought I was going to teach him.	labels:And then, after a while, he came up with it, and it surprised me.
text:You could say it was like that.	labels:The first time I talked to you.
text:Or he might understand.
text:It's probably because there's a little home.	labels:And then there's a round with the kids.
text:And then he could hear it for a while, and it felt pretty strong.I don't think so.Okay, thank you for your time. Okay, call me on my phone if you need anything. Okay.
text:Okay, bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mom?	labels:It's Tang Jung-Ping's dad. Hi, I'm Mr. Qiu. He's done a lot better today than he did last time. 5656. What's the 50th? The 100th and the 56th. I asked him if he's going to go to school 30th and 40th, because this time he's even better than he was last.I don't think so.I know that, and then I'll tell you about the papers, but he does a lot of things, and then he doesn't do them very seriously. Soon, maybe, an exam isn't half an hour and a half, he does it in less than an hour and a half, he does a lot of meetings, I'll give him an eight points, and then he doesn't do a lot of things if he does them.I don't think so.He said he had something going on this afternoon, and he had something going on this afternoon. I didn't know he said he finished his exams in the morning, then he went out this afternoon. Mm-hmm, yeah.I don't think so.He then said to him, "Well, it's basically 10 points, and he's probably on the Internet, and he's not going to be able to do it for the next week or two, and the main problem is that he's not going to do it in time, and he says it's slow, and then he's going to do it in time, and he's going to do it, and he's going to do a lot of it, and he's going to do it, and he's going to get it, and he's going to get it, and he's going to get it.I don't think so.All right, you're busy. You can talk to me about anything. Good-bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:It's the ideal mom.
text:I'm Mr. Qiu. How do you do?	labels:Today, the kid went up for an experiment, and he felt like he was still interested in the experiment.I don't think so.Yes, and because of what he said to you in the second class, it might be too much, and then the third class would be adjusted, and the kid would feel confident again in the second class, and then the second class practice would be wrong, and the question would surprise me, and it would be very good, and he would be happy today, and when he did the experiment, he was particularly interested in holding the instrument and refusing to let go.
text:I've never done that before.	labels:It's nice not to have done it, to adjust it.I don't think so.He's got a pretty good head. He doesn't know if he's going back to tell you, but he's still interested in chemical experiments.
text:It was just outside the unit that the attack came out and it took me to get back tomorrow night, so I didn't see him.	labels:I'm sorry I called out of town.
text:I remember when I was not far from Zhejiang.	labels:I'm sure we need to talk about Mr. Yang.
text:He also called me, asked me how I was at home, and I said I'd still call his dad.I don't think so.Dad's on the phone.	labels:I'm sorry, but there's a long way to go, so let's talk about it when there's a parent's meeting or when we're in front of each other.
text:Okay.	labels:Uh-huh. You're safe out there. Okay?
text:Good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is it Fang Lung's mother? I'm an excellent physics teacher, Teacher Choi.	labels:How do you do, Mr. Qin?
text:It's not the teacher, it's Physics Choi. Hello, Miss Wei. I called you two days ago, and you turned it off.	labels:I don't turn it off. Sometimes I put my phone in my bag and sometimes I forget.
text:And then the kid said we had a few lessons in physics, and then the kid came home as a feedback, and he didn't talk to you.	labels:He says he's one-on-one, he doesn't understand that you're going to solve it with him, and everyone's okay.I don't think so.But you don't think these schools sometimes take so many kids, 55 50 5 18-year-olds are 50 years old, and he says it's too late. I don't get it. I don't get it. I don't get it. I don't get it. I don't get it. I don't get it.
text:Because the kid means I'm nicer when I get in touch.	labels:And then he can't do it the other day, and I don't think he's too good at it anyway.
text:The kid's a little bit right, and then he says I'm not studying for him right now, and from the point of view of knowledge, the child's basics are still weak, and so many things are forgotten and not known.	labels:During the first semester of the second special semester, when his first class, on the first month of the month, when his grandfather passed away, we went back to New Year's Day for three days, but the teacher didn't make it up to him, and he didn't understand it all at once.
text:And then he didn't know what was good, and then I said that every class was about to end, and every time I didn't finish, I drew something for him to go home. And then I said something I asked, and if you couldn't carry it, I wrote you 10 times.	labels:I don't think I'm right about that. I'll ask him later.
text:Yeah, and then because it's got something on it that I play with a pentagram, and then I say it's something I have to ask for my next class, and it's got to be back.I don't think so.Like the last class? He had three questions and he didn't carry them out.	labels:Because he doesn't like his special English, he doesn't like his back, he doesn't like reading, that's the kid.
text:And then I said, "Can you do it?" He said, "Yes," and I said, "I won't let him copy it 30 times because of three of his last lessons."	labels:He came back this hour and asked him, so he stopped telling me.
text:Because it's like there's a class tomorrow morning, and then you remind him.	labels:Okay.
text:Let him carry it back and right, and then because the kid says it's a lot more forgotten and less basic, and then he tells me about it, which means the first three, uh, and he says he's going to go to physics after the midterms, right?I don't think so.Because the first three years of knowledge are more difficult than the second.	labels:I'm thinking about it. I'm anxious to see if your teacher can pull up something he doesn't understand. Second year doesn't understand. You've been in trouble since third grade.
text:Then I think it's because we don't like Junior, or because we have a few lessons left, and then I'm just saying that you have to go to Junior, or it's a lot harder than Junior, and it's a lot harder than Junior, and it's a lot harder.	labels:Listen to him. This kid's a little bit addicted to computers.
text:When a computer comes to the third grade, you can learn to be more stressful, and computers can't play.	labels:Right.
text:And then say you're saying you're having a hard year and you're taking a break today, and I'm saying you've been playing for more than two months since you passed the exam? You're trying to get into a high school this year, and I'm saying that if you don't get into high school and you don't want to play this computer, you can't do it all your life.	labels:You're right, I'm the one who'll take care of him. Just listen to me, you little kid.
text:So I told him to back off, and I said you wouldn't carry it, and I said that because I said hello to you earlier, I said that we both said that I had to hook you up with this stuff and that I had to carry it, that I couldn't carry it, that I wouldn't do it, that I wouldn't do it for a period of 31 hours.	labels:Okay.
text:Okay, then you look at me today.	labels:One I really don't know.
text:Turns out I always give him something to carry. You can ask him.	labels:Okay, thanks for the teacher.
text:Then we'll be in touch if there's a problem. Good-bye.	labels:Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is this the mother of the family? Hello, I'm the brilliantly educated chemistry teacher, Mr. Zhang. How convenient for you to be right now? It's convenient for you to say this, and yesterday's words were not tested for Jia-chan, then 60 points for chemistry, and then 50 more. Is it not? Yes, I thought I'd talk to Mom about it, because I'd let the kid go home, and I'd take a look at his calculations tonight, because I didn't send him a draft paper, and he'd just do it on the paper, 72 cents, and he's about 31, 72 cents, and he's got an appointment.I don't think so.It's because of this miscalculation that takes two points off, and then right, and then there's the next question, which is that it actually answers the computer and it's all right, but it's not exactly the same format, and I give him two points.I don't think so.Yeah, I don't think he's really serious.I don't think so.I told him that I thought you were me and I said that I thought you were the best in all my exams, because you didn't come back from a trip, and the kids didn't start to talk to Mom, right? But then I asked him to ask him what he knew, right?I don't think so.If he's a little rough on this side, you're a little rough on him. I know what you're saying about him. I told him, and I told him, and after the last time my mother said to him, he's been in class for a few days, he's fine, he's good for the class, he's doing it yesterday, he's doing it because I'm in class, and I'm sending him to the self-study room, and everybody's doing it, and then when I'm going to see him, he's sleeping on his back for a while.I don't think so.Yeah, well, I'm sure it's not serious, because you're wrong to count 72 so far, or else you've got a two-point cut for the exam because there's another irregular one, or you've got a good 54 and a 60-54 chemical. I told him, and he told me I'd get a good one next time. Why did you give me a bunch of promises so you wouldn't call me?I don't think so.There's no such thing as that, which means I'm sure I'll do it next time. I said we'll talk about it the next time. Okay, you can talk to him back here. I said look at your paper. You can look at it.I don't think so.Okay, bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Mr. Lee, how are you?I don't think so.Hello. Can I talk to you now?	labels:You said that.
text:It's because I'm here to talk to my mother, or it's a recent situation, because I told my mom last time, because he's got a plan for his weekbook. But it's not very good, so I found out that he didn't finish his summer homework in a very timely fashion, and he said that his teachers weren't very concerned, but think about it, since it's a summer job, it's definitely going to be done.I don't think so.So I told him last week that if you had to finish at least one day a day, I'd have to check this week, and if it's not that day, he's not going to finish school until 7:30 or finish our class until he gets back, and I told him that if it's not going to be done, you should do it directly, and then you should come back at 9:40.	labels:Yeah, he'll never be able to end up in school.I don't think so.Yeah, we can't control him, sometimes he doesn't listen, so he goes to work all day, he stays at home alone, and he does whatever he wants.
text:So he's busy every day, and I say you're busy, so I'm busy with the game. So sometimes I'm going to give him a simple budget, and I'm going to say that the time you spend every day, with the exception of a catch-up lesson that your parents usually arrange for you, is less than two hours, and that's a short time.I don't think so.So I told him, and I said if you don't strengthen it, when you start school, you'll only be able to talk to us for two hours.I don't think so.Anyway, I told him today that yesterday, because I was on our way to a meeting, I just moved my class to today, but it seems that today's Wang Hainan's class may also go to a meeting.I don't think so.I'll talk to him first. I mean, he's got no other plans for this afternoon, right?	labels:Right.
text:I should have asked him to give me a chemical test at 3-5 p.m. when I was unable to come to the language class, because he did not come to the exam on Sunday, and I arranged this afternoon for him to take a chemistry test at 3-5 p.m. and then get him to go out and eat again, then go back to my block at 5:30 and then go to chemistry class.	labels:Okay, okay?
text:Anyway, I've been texting him now, and then your mom will see if she can talk to him again, and then she'll tell me this afternoon that you're going to the exam this afternoon, you're coming to class tonight, and you're going to class online again.	labels:He gave you a reply, didn't he?
text:But didn't answer me because I called.	labels:He's calling him and he's filling in with chemistry.
text:I guess he's on his side now, so I let him text him now, and then I'll check with his mother at noon, and you say that Mr. Wang has told you, and then let you pass the 3rd exam, and when I'm over, he'll take a 150-minute test in my classroom, and I'll see how much he gets, when he talks to me, when he's trained, and when he talks to me, it's hard for me to be organic, and I've got an organic subject in there, and I'll see how he's doing, okay, sort it out, and then I'll tell Mom what he's doing, and I'll tell you when he's done it.	labels:It's okay.
text:Your mother's gonna tell my mom again, and your mom's gonna tell the kids again at noon. Okay, okay, that's it, I'll answer. Okay.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:You're the sun in your heart.	labels:Mao to c.
text:Hello, Dad? Hello, I'm Mr. Chang, who is a very well-educated chemist. How are you? So you're going to start classes with her? Did Dad say anything to him later in the class, and did he say anything?	labels:My main focus is to see how well he accepts the chemical part of his second grade through these sessions.
text:And so did the kid, who just came to me, who told me that he was in a lot of trouble with history and painting, but he thought it would be good for the kids to have their chemistry exams in their class for the first semester.	labels:They didn't have a whole lot of grades in him.
text:And as I know, then I'm going to go to the senior year with him, and he's going to say that we're going to the senior year, and we're going to the senior year, and we're not going to the senior year, and I think the child's analysis is right, because he's going to face such a high class, and then I'm going to teach him three times, and I think it's going to be better than the senior year.I don't think so.He's a senior, because he's also blogging on his summer vacation, and I think he's much better off than he was before.	labels:The question now is whether, if he chooses chemistry, he will be able to pass, and now the minimum standards will pass, and every class will pass.
text:Yeah, I was talking to him yesterday after class, and he was looking forward to it himself, you know?I don't think so.He asked me if I could pass when you said I was in junior high, and I said it'd be okay if you just learn, because I'm like this, and I was in his first class, right?I don't think so.That's what I thought at the time, and I think because I've been here a long time, and I say, in his case, that I think he should have been prepared for that, but after I told him the truth, we talked a little more about it, saying that he actually accepted his abilities and that I thought that I was the first to accept his abilities, that they were better, that there was no real problem.I don't think so.He was taller than he was when he actually thought about his time than he was. I thought it was better for him, and we were talking about it, because there were more equations for iron and aluminium in high school, and why the equation's memory created this thing, and you analyze it for him and he remembers it.I don't think so.In the second class, when we started the second class the next day, I told him to carry the equation 10 minutes before the class, and I wrote it down to him. The correct rate of silent writing is still higher. But there's a problem with the kid, he doesn't go back to school much, and then he's had a long time off from the last class.I don't think so.It's about five or six days away, and then it's the third class, and then yesterday, in the third class, it's obvious that the child's equation, and I'll give him a little hint, and forget, did I say you went home to see it? No, it's okay if he doesn't actually see it, but I think there's something wrong with the kid, and he doesn't like it when he doesn't like to do his homework, you know?I don't think so.He didn't like to do homework, and then he told me if the teacher couldn't do his homework, and I said we had to do it a little less, and we had to do it a little less.I don't think so.I say you're in my classroom practice because I know he doesn't like homework, so I'll give him a little bit more in class practice.	labels:It is not if classroom practice is not the time that should have been taught into book practice.
text:It's after we finish the lesson and practice this part, and I'll speed him up, and I say we'd better do it in this section.I don't think so.To get him to do it a little faster, he's not going to do it because we're new, and you let him do it just so he doesn't do it.I don't think so.The premise is that we practice after we have finished our section, because it is impossible to say that I have spoken to him all about it, and that he may understand it, but it may not be clear how practice should be applied in the course of the subject.I don't think so.So I also told the kid that I knew that the child was lost, and I told him that we were thinking about it ourselves, because chemistry and history were arts, so he thought about my chemistry, either for a while, to see what it was like, until he decided, because he didn't start until next semester in high school.	labels:Start the course. It's now in the process.
text:Isn't that what they're gonna do next semester? It's a split class.	labels:It's not even clear how the school's planned, because they're now in the right class.
text:Have they already reported their school?	labels:Right.
text:I don't think these schools will start until the next semester. There's another choice for the first semester.	labels:School might.
text:It may not be the same.I don't think so.Look at this part of the summer. I suggest the kids learn a little bit, then look at the kids.	labels:What kind of training it is, and what kind of training it is.
text:The second sentence is for iron and aluminium metals in chapter I, then for elemental cyclicals in chapter II, and for quantitative experiments in chapter III, which lasts for three chapters, for a total of 360, and for organic chemistry in the next semester, because you have no plans to include all inorganic chemistry in their third year and in their second year.I don't think so.The next semester of the second year is devoted to organic chemistry, which is taught only once for a semester.	labels:A semester on the way.
text:A little bit of outreach on the basis of a second grade might not have been possible, because in a second grade some students did not like chemistry, so they didn't talk about it, so when a third grade comes up with depth, it's a little more comprehensive.I don't think so.Basically in senior year, the summer vacations of the 5th generation of the sophomores are starting to rise, and the three, they're starting to go back to study, but they're not much new, they're starting to go back to study, so in the process of re-studying.	labels:And then, in general, some of the chemical difficulties seem to be low.
text:It's really not that hard to learn, it's more systematic than inorganic chemistry, because inorganic chemistry is narrower, but organic chemistry is not so hard when we learn, but it's more difficult when we go to high school, because it's only two 20-point organic inferences in two years and two years, and the whole process analysis.	labels:I am not the best at this, and then the problem is that, if science is taught, the math difficulties associated with it will be different.
text:They didn't do the math test for the arts, they told me because I heard that the teacher at their school didn't say that he liked it, and he felt bad about it.	labels:He said Mark him.
text:Tell me about the language. He says that the language teacher doesn't go to classes sometimes, but he does because of the fact that there's a computer in his class. Don't you tell your parents about this?I don't think so.Did your parents know about it? He didn't say anything about my parents. He said he had a parent who said he was a math teacher for math, but the headmaster just gave me a word, and they couldn't help it, so they stopped saying that the language teacher he was telling me yesterday would not just ask their class if they weren't going to do it, and I thought it was a little too much, so he said he didn't really think that the foundation of the Queen was too solid, you know?I don't think so.He told me he told me that his chemistry, his chemistry, was in class last time, and he told me that he didn't really do a good job with his choice, and that the rest of it was good, and I was just wondering, you know?I don't think so.So I didn't actually recommend chemistry, but after he told me about it, because Dad should know that if you did a high-grade chemistry test, you wouldn't know anything.I don't think so.But the hunter's situation is that he fills and calculates his scores, he doesn't choose the question, he's largely mistaken, but he fills and calculates the question, which means that he does not choose the question on the basis of choice, which is not the same as the other students.	labels:So it's true that there's a lot going on in the selection.
text:Yeah, so the kid here, including my advice to him, could go for a bit of chemistry, because he hasn't been in touch for a year, and he hasn't been on it. So I'm going to talk to him about what to do, and I'm not sure I'm going to say it, and I'm going to talk to him for a while to see how much I've learned, including if it's hot.	labels:Okay, we've got it. It's for you.
text:If Dad's here, I'm going to analyze it with Dad, and he's got a number in his heart, because I don't think Dad knows much about his school results.	labels:It's because there's less communication and there's a lot of school stuff that he doesn't feel like he's learning.
text:You're willing to say that, aren't you?I don't think so.That's why I asked him yesterday when he told me that you didn't tell Mom and Dad about it, that the parents didn't care, that he said it was useless, and that's why I didn't.	labels:I thought next class was at what time.
text:Our next class is Sunday. The kids know Sunday.	labels:Tomorrow.
text:Yeah, tomorrow at 3-5. Okay. I've got a call from the kid. If there's any problem with him, you can call me at any time. OK, good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, Dad Gu Chiu? I'm Mr. Qiu.I don't think so.Has Gu Jin's army finished? The soldiers are not finished. He's going to be there until Friday.I don't think so.It's Friday again. Okay, how was he before that school?I don't think so.Okay. I'll talk to him about the details when I get there. He's not allowed to take them. No wonder I hit him yesterday if he didn't come back. Good job. I'll give it to him when he gets back. Thank you.I don't think so.Good-bye, good-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is this Mr. Wong?	labels:It's your mother, isn't it?
text:You called, I'm sorry I didn't see it.	labels:It's okay, I wanted to say to my mother that this time of the child's time was a study and that there was nothing more important, because it might not have been a good time for the child, but during that time I felt that his state seemed a little bit better, that he was better in class than before, and that he was less willing to do his homework, but now I feel like I can do my homework myself, and the last time I told me that I've done my chemistry work today, and then I have to think about maths.I don't think so.The teacher said the same thing to us, and I still feel like I'm doing all right these days.
text:Then.	labels:I've got another one that I want to ask my mom. Did the kid really set up the school because of the previous time?
text:Didn't think he'd come home today. Maybe he'd heard from him at night.	labels:Because the child may also be a little more serious about this, and since it's always been said that Dad's doing the school on his side, but there's always been no recording and there's no basis for the child himself, I thought that if Dad was able to fix the school as soon as possible, then the child might have a relative sense of heart, and then the beginning of the school would be like a normal student, and I would have been happy to go to the army and to go to school, otherwise it would have been a little worse for the child than it would have been for the child.
text:Yes, you're in a hurry, and I'm in a hurry with his dad, and this year it's kind of tough and special.	labels:I also know whether Dad will be able to put it into practice as soon as possible, or give the child a testosterone, and if that's the case, as long as I go into this school and I go in, I want to be a little bit better than anyone else, then the child will probably try a little harder.
text:Yeah, that's what worries you, too. It's okay.	labels:There's nothing else. If I look at it, I'll add a mother's note. If there's anything we can write on it later.
text:Good work.	labels:Don't bother so late, okay?
text:I'm still bothering you tonight. I'll give you back at this hour.I don't think so.At first I didn't see it coming, I was looking at my phone and I said you called. I said, "I'm afraid to bother you." I said, "You're probably gonna get some rest, work during the day, it's hard." I said he said they wouldn't sleep so early. It's okay.	labels:I'm about to get some rest anyway.I don't think so.Anyway, I'm not resting. I'll talk to Mom later anyway.
text:All right, all right, all right. Bye, all right.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Hello, Father Sky? I'm Tiansen's Physics teacher, Teacher Zhang. That means I'm sorry about the Tianwon day, when I came to the exam, and I wanted to keep calling, and today because usually it's that day at the front desk.
text:Education management.	labels:Yes, I asked the child, and he said because I wanted to know, and then the front desk might think he was in charge of the front desk, and then he didn't ask the kid, and then I thought the kid actually asked him to take the paper, and then I went back and I took it again, and then the front desk thought he was.
text:Talk to him well, he put him in this place.	labels:That's what he did for his first exam, isn't it?I don't think so.Then he took all the pre-grades, the eighth and the next, and then he probably forgot, the first, and I recently gave him a new course in the eighth, because we're going to go to the third and then we're going to go to the second and then we're going to go to the second, and if you're going to the second grade now, he's going to forget it, so I'm sure because he's going to take the first test, and he's going to have to know the whole story, and then the plan can go a little longer.
text:Touch it.	labels:No, but I didn't see his papers then and I'm still this week.
text:You'll see how you can help your students.	labels:Because we weren't in the new class, and we went back to the second grade, and I probably looked at it, and I didn't.I don't think so.Yeah, it wasn't the end of August, it wasn't, I gave him a job, but you know if the eighth grade school year went back to study now, it would still be forgotten.
text:Aren't you going to do it the next day? You're going to do it the next day. You're going to have to give him a homework, you're going to ask him to do a few subjects, or you're going to ask him to do it yourself, and you're going to be able to do it for an hour or two.	labels:I know, but you can see that I do his homework every time.
text:I know you said you'd let him study this part himself and you'd give him a new lesson.	labels:I gave him a new lesson.
text:Yeah, you're just giving him a new lesson.	labels:Let him study what he doesn't know. It's not that he won't. It's the last semester of the eighth grade. Dad, you listen to me. That's the eighth grade.
text:Tell him to pay himself after school.	labels:It's after class that I'm going to review.
text:Because of him I am.	labels:I know you said I'd give him a new lesson and then you'd let him study his old 8th grade. I know that.I don't think so.But you have to know us.
text:He knows what he's doing, he's always on a computer, his parents don't have time for him, you don't spend the night giving him time to do it, and then you take a quick look at it in class, and you give him some comments where it's wrong, or you tell him to go to the books himself, and he's in class, and he's in practice.	labels:Yes, because we're new.
text:No, it's not.	labels:If we go to a new class, he'll have to review it.
text:You.	labels:Thought he didn't do anything about his summer homework, so I told him about his summer homework and you could tell him that you wanted to do it, and then I asked him how much, and he wasn't really sure.I don't think so.Then there's a question.
text:That's what it means.	labels:I asked him several times, and then I told him, because I said I asked him to finish his homework, because I gave him all new lessons, and then the exact rate was still the completion rate.
text:I'm talking about quality.	labels:How's the quality, isn't it?I don't think so.He's such a kid, and I told him that he understood his abilities well, and that a better-run kid said that you might not know Yang's tree, that you might know him because I asked him earlier, that he thought he'd ride you and learn from me and then learn from me, and then he understood that he was better than him, but he didn't lose his grades as a whole, did he?I don't think so.He's just missing a process of post-school consolidation, which is to say, "I'll take notes for him. I'll tell him what he's going to do. We're going to have to do it after class, right?I don't think so.Because you must be a stranger at first, and although you understand better in class, I'll write it to him after class, but he's not solid, and some of his homework is wrong, and then I'm wrong, and he's back in class, and he thinks I'm gonna do it again, and then you're gonna tell me, and then I'm gonna say that you're not very good at it, because I can't call you next to the exam, right?I don't think so.And then I say, for example, today I'm going to tell him to consolidate it, and I'm not going to say it twice, or he's going to think about what part of me I'm going to say today, because your father, knowing what Dad meant, told him to study a lot of time, and if the children are going to get a little tired, then I'm going to point out a little bit of what we've been talking about, and then I'm going to ask him to be specific, and then I'm going to do it.I don't think so.If he repeats it before last night, he may have a high rate of correctness. He has a high rate of correctness in class, but there is no high rate of correctness in class, a phenomenon like this, and then he does it, and he's still very optimistic, and then he says he'll do what he's told to do, but he still has a problem that I think is serious, and he does his homework, and he's a little bit rusty, which means, for example, that we don't have arithmetic questions in physics, and then he says he's like a little thing yes, so I'll rule him.I don't think so.That means I'm going to tell you this, and then you're going to say I'm not going to tell him.
text:Yes.	labels:I told you that if you were so lazy, I wouldn't be right, because I'm wrong and I'm wrong and I'm wrong. You can ask the child. He's wrong and he's wrong. If you're wrong and you're wrong, I'm fined two, and I say you have to regulate, or not enough, because the next day I'm afraid he's doing too much.
text:He'll be right.	labels:Set him up for two days.
text:Yeah, it's kind of nighttime every day.	labels:That's what I'm saying, but his homework seems to be a little bad, and he comes out every time.
text:He's carrying something, he's going to back it out.	labels:It's not a back, it's an understanding. I'll write it in the notebook. I'll write it in the notebook.
text:Don't you have a computer? Make him a concept. What does he say?	labels:This one can, for example, I can steal it.
text:So I don't know what he can do, what everyone can do or not do.	labels:Not that I'd know about your teacher.
text:But at least I want him to know everything, right?	labels:It's not a back-to-back concept, and I think it's better to understand, because I'm writing on the wrong subject, and it's not that I'm asking, for example, what I say about liquid pressure, and then what the formula is, and then I write the deduce and all that stuff, and then I write it.
text:You're like that. You get me some ideas, and I'll ask him.	labels:Actually, he's got a concept in his teachings.
text:Okay? My phone number is 163.	labels:163, right? Okay. Okay, I'll send it to you as soon as I can.
text:You send me, I can ask him.	labels:Okay, I'll respect Dad's opinion, and then what else do I have to say, and what else do I have to say?
text:So it's not the most important thing, it's the concept he doesn't understand.	labels:He just understands that it's not important to know, you know.
text:It'll work.	labels:No, no, no, it's important, but he generally knows, but it doesn't work if he doesn't understand it.
text:The point is to teach him how to use it and what else.	labels:He was not oblivious to that.
text:I'll check again. You give me a copy of what I can find out. I don't know. Okay.	labels:Bye.	episode_done:True
text:Hello, is Yunan's father? Hello, I'm Teacher Zhang of Chemistry, an elite teacher. Uh-huh.	labels:Yesterday was school. I waited on the plane. I'll be back.
text:I don't know, do I?	labels:I think so.
text:Should we go to school at the teacher's place? Then it's like, we have a half-month test on our side, and then Dad will come over and do a test if it's convenient for him to see what's going on at the teacher's side during the summer vacation.	labels:Also, because I was busy at the moment, I went back to take care of it, because, well, I was just about ready to come back at the meeting today.
text:Yes, I'd like to talk to Woo Nan at the beginning. I'd like to review his plans. We'd both agree. Then we'd have a little problem. Okay, let him come over, and I'll help him register the papers, including what they're looking at. Okay, okay.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello parents and classmates, come sit down. Let's fill out our test questions. If this happens, check it out. If it doesn't work, write it up. If it doesn't work out, write it up.I don't think so.Okay. The students are now in the third grade in the second grade, they're supposed to have their first monthly exam. They're supposed to be in the eighth grade. So, how much did the parents tell me about the math? 80 points, 80 points, 80 points, 80 points.	labels:It should be about 80:83.
text:Have you had a parent meeting?	labels:Maybe it's time to open.
text:How about you seeing the paper too?	labels:Approximately.
text:It looks at the volume in English, 80 points more, 80 points more, 70 points more.I don't think so.It's not very clear. It's not very clear. About 8:85.	labels:It's less than 90 points, slightly higher than 87 points or so.
text:What's the score on physics? More than 7070. They're in the next class, you know?	labels:I don't know yet.
text:Don't you know what's wrong with the papers? Did you see what's wrong with them? He's learning the equations of sound decomposition and speech, and that's the main part of the test. What's wrong with them?	labels:I don't get it. The main kids don't know what they're doing at junior high school either.
text:Isn't that clear? Did you see how wrong he was looking at the papers or how wrong he was at the back?I don't think so.It's pretty much the right thing to do, and what's going on behind it is a little bit of a process of dissipation and calculation. Is it more empty now, or is it not written right, and then interrupt?	labels:Some just didn't write it, some just wrote it wrong.
text:Are they both? Yeah. There's a lot of blanks in the blanks.	labels:The blanks are probably one, two, three ways empty.
text:Well, because of the 85 or so points, he has heard it this time. What's the big misword now, whether it's more wrong, or whether it's a single or a complete filling, reading, understanding, completion, word filling.	labels:If you don't understand English, you don't do an analysis for children.
text:That means you can't see it very clearly, right?	labels:Take a look around 80 cents of the roll.
text:The language should be able to understand whether it is misspelled, misspelled, syntaxed, translated into words, written in words, or read in a modern language behind it, or, finally, where he went and did a great deal more.	labels:Post-language essays are not particularly high.
text:How much did you get for your essay?	labels:I'll give you a 40-point cut.
text:The score is particularly high at 40 points and, in the case of 30 points, generally at more than 30 minutes, 35 minutes or less.	labels:Thirty-five points could be like that.
text:The score of 35 points was lower, and it was written right by the end of May.	labels:Fifty cents after that.
text:A full score of 50 points.	labels:That's more than 30 cents for 50 cents.
text:That's when they're getting a lower score. Am I right?	labels:Misspelled.
text:How many are too bad?I don't think so.Physics is mainly about robotics, and opticals. Which part of the student is bad, you know? Did you see that?	labels:That doesn't know, except that he's mostly wrong.
text:All the big questions are wrong, and you may need to strengthen your students' studies.I don't think so.Although the parent told you that he was a little out of control, your concern is to help the student learn the most, including what he learns, and we need to learn what he learns, and we know why he learns well, and where there is a gap, and where there is a need to be strengthened, we need to know where to strengthen it, so that your help to the student can be targeted.I don't think so.Or you can find him, a teacher, or you can find him, and he could be a bigger influence on his future studies.I don't think so.All right, study. I'll take our students. Are they staying or going to school?	labels:Do more than live in school.
text:Come back once a week or twice a week?	labels:One.
text:You come back once a week, Friday night, or Saturday morning? Do you have more homework teachers coming home on Friday night?	labels:He all needs it.
text:For a half day, that's two days, one day around a half day, or maybe six to seven hours, so he can do his homework one day, right?I don't think so.Well, you may not be particularly familiar with the word "back " when you say it. You don't know English very well. Good. Which primary school is a student? What class teacher is an experimental primary school until now?	labels:Language teacher.
text:Well, let me give you a brief overview of this level of study, which, like math at the upper 8th grade of the junior high school of mathematics, is essentially an algebraic conversion and transformation, which is a relatively central element of the algebra, with a score of 5 to 12 in the middle exam, a fixed number of four major issues that must necessarily be due to disassembly, and two minor questions that will be filled together, with a selection of causes and causes, which is 83 points and 120 points, which means that a large part of the student ' s abilities is not well understood.I don't think so.So in the volume, he's going to have to do something about knowledge and knowledge management and the application of methods.I don't think so.English, on the other hand, because of the 85-point test, proves that the student is still trying to learn, and that the word is wrong, but there are problems with syntax mastery and language culture. As in the case of languages, English is a long-term cumulative process, he needs to remember constantly, and he needs to remember constantly a process, and we need to give it a cyclical learning method, as well as a learning habit that is constantly re-checked.I don't think so.The 87 points for language examinations are relatively much higher in the middle exam, because the average scores for language performance are not particularly high, and if we do not get more than 90, we will judge them as words, language, modern language reading, and writing, which are at least two major problems, leading to a deficiency in his scores. For now, you may see that he does not have a particularly good score of 37 scores, and not all of them.I don't think so.Yes, it is a pity that he has to take 30 words in the middle exam, because most of the students are concentrated on 100 points and more than 100 in the exam, whereas the 70 points in the physics test, which they are in a situation where physics itself is a relatively difficult subject, and this time they take a part of the third grade to the second grade, which is like chapter I on mechanical sports, whereas optical is an introductory subject, which is relatively simple, and if there is no big accident, most of the students are wrong in this part of the mechanical exercise.I don't think so.Okay, I'll give you a detailed explanation of the student's learning problems. Have you finished your class papers? Let me see how the girl came to you today, feeling a little hard to learn, not trying to get your old mother to find a teacher to help you study, or asking your mother to ask you to come? Bring it up to the tutoring class. Okay, I don't think you're a city student. I don't even like the tutoring class. It's fun to get back to the tutoring class. Do you feel that the tutoring class is useful to you?	labels:Didn't listen.
text:You got it. You got it.	labels:You don't understand how an old class learns like our school.
text:Do you study to hear what you won't?I don't think so.Okay, Mr. Wong gives you two promises before you say, and the first one is that if you come to study, you hear what you should listen to and want to hear. The second one is that your mother wants to let you know again. If you don't think well, don't think clearly, you don't have to say you don't want to come. You don't have to say you don't think clearly. Because you're the one who helps you, not who you're forcing you to study, you know that. Okay, let's talk about what you like to do.	labels:Do you like to play in the mountains? Do you like to play in the mountains?
text:Let's play and listen to the song.	labels:China sounds nice.I don't think so.Listen to the music.
text:It's optional. Why do you like Chinese sound?	labels:He also likes to listen to songs and sing.
text:There's a big difference between China's good voice and all the other show shows, and he picks the good voices, whether they have a pretty look or not, whether they're old or not, and whether they're fit to develop as personality, whether they're old or old, if they like to sing and sing well, they can have a brilliant salary. He doesn't have to study for him, do he go to college to see if he's really not fit to sing? That makes a lot of people's idols, like Li Dynam, like Jack Jomlin.I don't think so.I don't know, Jackson. Good. I like him, too.I don't think so.We're going to find out why, and then we all like him so much, because he's like some of the people around us, and he represents some of the dreams that we can't do ourselves, and we're learning the same thing, you know why?	labels:Which means it's easier for you to get a job at a college.
text:Why did you go to tutorial?	labels:It's hard to learn.
text:Well, because learning is bad, learning is going to be a good college. Mr. Wang tells you what you've studied. Learning is for a word. Do you know what this is about?I don't think so.Choose is the right to choose a choice. He is the right to study. He is the right to choose a choice. He is the right to live according to his own mind, to do what he wants to do, to make progress. If you learn, you don't have to come back for a break in two weeks. You can't sleep well at school. You can't sleep at home.I don't think so.When you go to high school next year, you can go to school like you thought, say, the best school in Luoyang, you can choose one closest to home, three closest to your home, and three closest to your home.	labels:I'm you.
text:You can choose if you want to be one. If you don't get it, you can't get it.I don't think so.You can't go to college, you can't go to college, you can't go to college, you can't go to college, you can't go to school, you can't go to school, you can't go to school, you can't go to school, you can't go to school, you can't go to school, you can't go to school, you can't go to school, you can't go to school, you can't go to school, you can't go to school, you can't go to school, you can't go to school, you can't go to school, you can't go to school, you can't go to school, you can't go to school.I don't think so.Did your parents treat you well?	labels:I'm so concerned.
text:Have you thought of how to repay them?	labels:If you want to grow up and go to work, you'll pay them back.
text:If you have reached a level of learning, then you can choose whether to repay him according to his preferences or in your own way. Is your mother nagging?	labels:I'm always asking what I'm doing. How do I usually learn?
text:Do you like him to listen to him? No. What's he got at most?	labels:Ask me how I studied. Do you still care about life?
text:I mean, it's like I'm at the top of my job, right?I don't think so.If you don't get it, I won't listen to it. Look, he can say yes. Do you think he can do it?	labels:I'd say yes, but I can't. I can't. Okay.
text:What we are talking about is why we have to learn. We have to agree that learning is to give ourselves more choices, to take charge of their own destiny and to live according to their own ideas.I don't think so.Well, if you want to tell me you don't feel good at learning, I'll tell you how to learn. Do you feel pretty, girl?	labels:It's okay.
text:Most people don't do well. Pretty and not pretty can only choose one, either ugly or pretty.	labels:That's pretty good.
text:She's pretty good, she's confident of herself. Do you feel smart?	labels:Smart isn't too smart.
text:It's either stupid or smart.	labels:There's only one smart one to pick.
text:Do you think you're smart and pretty at school?	labels:I can't learn.
text:Do you want to be smarter and more beautiful in your studies?	labels:Of course that's good.
text:Why did you get up this morning to wash your face? Do you want to look in the mirror? What would you do if, when you get up to wash your face tomorrow morning, you find a green thing stuck in your face on your left cheek?	labels:Wash it and wash it.
text:Do you want to wash it off? Alone or in a row?	labels:It's just a one-on-one.
text:That's good. It's good to wipe it off again. You haven't wiped it off again. Then you get up and wash it clean, wash the soap in the back, borrow the milk, write it in ten minutes. You're really pissed. You're rubbed a few times with sandpaper, and you're bleeding your face, or you're stuck in your face?	labels:I'm sure I'll call out loud. You tell my mom to come over and see what's going on.
text:This is the time to ask for help. This is the same thing about learning. We have to try to solve problems, and if we can't solve them, we have to ask for help at the first possible time.I don't think so.First of all, your parents, because he's the closest person to you, and they're the most selfless people to you, and you need to trust them enough. And second, you can choose your classmate's teacher and ask him to solve the problem for you. One day, you go home, you go home on Friday night, you don't see you fall in, you fall home next week, there's no moon, there's no moon, there's no moon, there's no sun, there's no dark light. Will you fall in?	labels:I'm sure to go around.
text:You must be walking around. You start walking around 100 meters away. You're not going to fall in.I don't think so.That's thinking who's smart. A smart guy doesn't fall in the same pit twice.	labels:Right?
text:Now, if I ask you about the English papers for this midterm, can you make sure that you can read the words on them? Will you? Can you guarantee them? No. If they're in the final exam tomorrow, you won't do it. Are you grateful?I don't think so.It's easy to learn how to learn. Teacher Wang is talking about making it two things. The first one is a mirror, the second one is a wash.I don't think so.Your homework and your exams are not about exams for exams, for homework, but they are mirrors for your learning, to look at your learning problems, and which student learns well, which student learns poorly, but rather about what he does after looking in the mirror, to wash his face, or to play there, to learn how to wash his face in the mirror, and now you want to strengthen the process of washing your face more.I don't think so.Okay, so let's talk about what's wrong with your specific maths. I asked your mother, your mother and this isn't really clear. Tell me what you're talking about right now, what's left of the math, what's behind it, whether you don't have time to do it or not.	labels:There's no time to do it, and then there's not enough time to do it.
text:Did the teachers tell you about these funds or didn't they?	labels:Yes.
text:Didn't you remember what you said before the exam? Did you start losing your math class?	labels:The signal teacher at the math class didn't understand it, and it took a long time to read it.
text:Does it usually take longer to do your homework?	labels:Yes, it is.
text:Questions were asked, what was the factor equation? What were the general simplification methods of the factor equation?	labels:One equation? I know what it's like, but it doesn't describe the concept.
text:How many general solutions?	labels:So the solution is to merge the same items, okay.
text:There's another one of these.	labels:There's more.
text:Combining the same items is one way of making it simple, and I'll let you say that there are several ways of making it easier for you to explain it to me.I don't think so.If you don't understand, the teacher will talk about every problem like you're wearing a silk cocoon. You know what's more wrong with the 85 points in English?	labels:The questions that follow are not very well read, and the King's crystals are not very well read and understand.
text:Okay, did you get the paper? Didn't the teacher say anything about the paper after the exam? 15 chose 20 questions. How many were you right?	labels:Right? Half.
text:Completely fill out 10 questions.	labels:You think there's six or seven or 66 of them.
text:Yes, it's all understood.	labels:It's half right.
text:So, first of all, the teacher tells you that the single exam is a fixed combination of phrases and verbs, which are completely empty and the same content as the single exam, and that reading understands the main test is the vocabulary, while the back-to-back interview is your recite, am I surprised? It's the back-to-back because these are your backs. Right. Do you always back-to-back your teacher's texts and the classic sentences that make you back and the text?	labels:To the back.
text:How's your back?	labels:I've been checking every day anyway.
text:You carry me one of the best, the teacher tells you this, looks at it five minutes before class, and it's almost destroyed.I don't think so.The teacher checks the first time you see it.	labels:Then.
text:When you take a sample, then you take the book, you take the first to teach your first classmate, the third to teach you a third, and the English is a constant process of remembering and remembering, and we need to learn constantly to acquire knowledge of the other side, so what you still lack is this accumulation of words and phrases.I don't think so.Get down. Get up get. Let and turn. These words will be written by the word teacher in the big brackets. Remember that one of the verbs involved three or four or more phrases is very easy to ask.	labels:It is not very high, it is not good to read and write, it is not good to write, it is not good to write and it is wrong to go ahead.
text:Your writing is a dissertation, and your writing is a continuation of the paper.	labels:We're just starting the dissertation now.
text:It's okay for you to count. Many of Luoyang's schools start in the third grade, some in the second grade, but all the other provincial and municipal students are in the first grade when they take the first grade, because the final role is not limited, but the first floor is the most allocated, and it's better written. You haven't started writing yet.	labels:I don't know which one you said you didn't have to write.
text:Do you write the language? Do you write the language?	labels:I've got half of it first.
text:I don't like this stuff, I don't like it. But there's a lot of learning to read, including trying to convince you to learn how to read, and you're learning how to upgrade the body of a werewolf, which is a precious asset of our steps, and what is the difference between writing and words, which is not difficult in physics?I don't think so.Physics shouldn't be difficult? Hard, difficult. Can you just back me up with the speed formula? V is what? Ststt. is there a problem with the application when you write the physics question? There's an equation of two dollars a time, and it's difficult. Which is it?	labels:I'd rather go back to understanding things like physics and mathematics than do anything.
text:Physics is then you and I are going to get points, because I think you're smart, not those hard-backed students, so the Physics score is going to work towards the full score today.I don't think so.Now you think that genetics are part of mechanics, and film and biology and engineering are part of what you're going to learn, and we just have to get this door open, get this one of the hardest subjects, get it clear, and your studies are going to be relatively smooth and confident. Let's show those boys a number that girls can handle as well.I don't think so.Okay, you see what else you want to talk to the teacher, you're more confused in your studies, what else do you want to talk to the teacher?	labels:It's hard to think of every section.
text:Every section's pretty hard, huh?I don't think so.This is a situation in which you can't adjust, you're passive enough to learn instead of trying to learn what you really do. It's hard at first. If you open your head, it's easy at the back, and when you do, it's the attitude that we take to the problem, and the attitude that your parents and your parents want you to be the richest and the last to have and what to do when you're in trouble.I don't think so.When it's over, we'll do a little voice analysis. You should've heard the story.I don't think so.There are two more distinct characters in it, one that translates into Chinese, and now my words are smart old men, the other one called fools, and the other one called stupid old men. The words are the same as those you're thinking about now, and the way you're making them is not humiliating. You're not going to be able to move a mountain. Why are you so stupid?I don't think so.If I move tomorrow, I may not be able to move until I die, but I have my own grandson, my own grandson's grandson, and we always have less problems at 8:00 a.m. every day. That's the attitude of dealing with the problem, and then you get rid of it.	labels:Understood.
text:When we leave today, we remember two questions: the question of why we're studying, remember what we're learning about?	labels:To be able to choose for the rest of your life in your own way. Right.
text:To choose, to live as you wish, to learn.	labels:Capability studies.
text:He may be able to speak to someone, wash his face in the mirror and, above all, a good student in seven secondary schools in junior high schools who can handle his studies and life well.I don't think so.If you're going to do that, you're going to do it right, you're going to simplify it, you're going to solve the problem of regular practice, and you're going to look forward to the exam, because it's going to be a holiday after the exam, right?	labels:How do you learn to raise a child? He's an enemy. He's usually a hard worker.
text:I can feel your parents' attitude towards the students as well as their efforts and frustration.I don't think so.Well, I'd like to ask what I just said about what I don't agree with or what the students feel wrong. You can say that, if not, I will start with a general overview of learning.	labels:There's no more.
text:Do you have any classmates? No. Do you want to come? Do you want to come?	labels:I want to learn that.
text:The teacher can give you this opportunity, but there's a requirement for you to do what you want to do and do what you can. Well, the first problem of the students' parents and classmates is that of the ecology. In this respect, the most important problem is that of the students now, because he is a student at the lower or lower secondary level, and the pressure on the students is minimal, because he does not have a good move forward, nor does he have a good move back, why?I don't think so.Not to mention the fact that they have a number of places in their schools and that he can at least drop out of school on the pass line, which is the first problem, which is the student's interest in studying.I don't think so.We need to move on to higher goals through constant effort and success, allowing students to constantly improve their motivation and work towards higher goals. While girls are not the same as boys and do not need a strong career, different learning environments and different educational backgrounds determine his future personal qualities.I don't think so.The second point is to learn how to manage time, manage self-learning, and students are not good at managing their own time, wasting their time on Saturdays. Even if they don’t come to another tutorial, they should at least stay at home for self-censorship, or play with friends and let students have the first problem, and he may not be interested in learning or have any very good input into it.I don't think so.The second question is the second. The third question is the planning and targeting of students, the management of time, the non-achievement of student learning, which is always said to be difficult after the end of the exam, but the time has passed when many scars have been forgotten, pains have to be ignored, and things have to be done according to the situation, and we need to have a constraint on students, to adjust this state of learning through the constraints of staged goals, to adapt to our way of life through his habitual upbringing, and to better manage learning, which is also the core competitiveness of Chinese students at the international level.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Master Mother?	labels:Hello.
text:I'm Mr. Kim. How do you do, Mr. Physics?	labels:You said it.
text:Then I listened to the kid today, which means he said you wanted to talk to him, and he said you'd finish the first semester of Physics in junior high, right?	labels:Not for the first semester. You're done.
text:The first semester, because we gave our children a lesson in studying high grades, because the seniors didn't think it was very good, and then I looked at the part where they were supposed to be able to pass the matriculation exam.	labels:You put it on the weight test.
text:That's right, I'm waiting with the kids for my final exam, and the magnetic field behind me, which means we're not gonna make it, because it's gonna be a little hard on the front, and the kids are feeling it today.	labels:Yeah, he said he'd been working on a subject for half an hour.
text:He's serious.	labels:What he said, though.
text:That means he learns very well in his senior year, and then I ask him sometimes, and I say, "Physics."	labels:And then physics must not be good. Physics is bad.
text:Not only is it the boy we've studied in freshman year, but I gave him the test paper, and then he's either here or he's saying that Mr. Wang gave him a copy of the test paper, and I didn't tell him about the incident, and then I waited until I finished telling him everything I knew about senior year, and then I gave him the correct part, and then we went through it ourselves, and he made him look at it again, and he said that almost all the subjects were made.I don't think so.He didn't know the title before, so this time it might be.	labels:One of the papers I saw was wrong. I gave him only 30 or 40 cents, didn't I?
text:Yeah, that's what he said the first time. We haven't even started school yet.I don't think so.Well, he did it, and then I didn't tell him, and I kept it until I told him to study everything in high school and look back at it.	labels:He said he was right about what he did later.
text:He himself said that he did it, that there were only a few topics, that he didn't do it, and that he did it himself.	labels:What does he call a physical word like that?I don't think so.If you follow his finals, when does he get a general shift? Physics, because senior year is like next semester, right?
text:The next semester of the second year should be the beginning of the term.	labels:So half of the first semester, when you're finished with the exam, is that right?
text:Yeah, the circuits are the ones that go to the circuits, but still, the whole summer is the way things are going, because sometimes he's doing homework, and class practice is very good, you know?I don't think so.So I joked with him, and I said, "No more physics."	labels:He's afraid of the problem he won't be able to do.
text:He said I didn't do physics, he said it's harder behind physics, I said it's harder behind physics.I don't think so.And then because he practiced, and then, like, the good work was really good, and I made him an audition. Did you see that, Mom?	labels:That means you didn't see it.
text:I did an examination of him last week, didn't I? It's still good, because there's a few other manufacturing things wrong.	labels:He wouldn't have learned half of the first semester if he were to take your mid-term exam in the first semester, would he?
text:Right.	labels:You think he's got a few more classes, if he's on the mid-term exam.
text:That is, I told him. That's two more lessons after the 20th.	labels:If you put two or three lessons on him and hang him like that, I guess he's not too good at math. I'll see what to do. I really don't know what to do.I don't think so.And then I think he doesn't care about what I need to do with math, right?
text:And that's physics, that's the middle of the exam, that's, that's, if the kid feels he's better at learning, he's gonna stop standing. That's fine.	labels:We'll wait till he learns, and if he can't, we can add a few more lessons, right?
text:Right.	labels:There's something in there for class anyway, right? Yeah.
text:And then the kid says it's because Mom's right. Whether she chooses literature or science, math has to be taught, right?	labels:I want him to focus on math when he starts school.I don't think so.Yeah, so I'd like him to learn a little bit more about physics as soon as he's under his roof as soon as possible.
text:Yeah, and then it looks like he's done with chemistry? I heard him.	labels:He said chemistry was over. I said, "How did you learn it so soon?"
text:Because I listened to Mr. Qiu as if the exam didn't take a refresher course first.	labels:He looks like he's finished his new class. He says he's studying now.
text:Now, because of the connection between our physics and our sister, we have to learn first grade to learn second grade.I don't think so.Yes.	labels:The first thing I wanted him to do was to get a freshman back, because he didn't learn well in high school, and then if you didn't have a good basis, he could learn worse. Right?
text:Yeah. And the senior, uh, looks pretty good from now on, so I'm kidding, and I'm saying you plus physics, and he says I'm going home. Okay, then that's the case with the kid, and then we're on the mid-term exam, which means you can stop the physics for a while, and then you can focus on math.	labels:Yeah, and then we'll see what happens at the end of the day, and if physics doesn't work out, we'll pick up at home.
text:All right. That's it. Bye-bye. Bye-bye.	labels:bye	episode_done:True
text:Hello.	labels:Mama Li, I'm the teacher of chemistry in education. Hello, are you busy?
text:You said it was okay.	labels:You said it was okay, so you'd analyze your mother's last exam. Didn't I tell you last time? We took 78 points for the first chapter, and then I did? Let my other student was 80 points for the test, and the student understood it and knew it. He said he always thought the kid was a big boy. Yeah, I thought the kid was pretty good, and then I'm on it.
text:You said it was okay.	labels:I also praised the child, hoping to give the child a boost, because he wanted to be a master, and he cared about his teacher's attitude.
text:I don't know if he really wants it or not. Yeah, and then I don't think he's going to talk and act, and then I see what he doesn't want, but the action doesn't show up, I think.	labels:Yeah. You can understand your mind.
text:And because I'm telling the truth, because I hear that their school, including those who teach him chemistry, is good and good, and I can't understand how he's learned this idea all the time, so he's real, and he's saying maybe I'm capable of thinking or something or something, right?I don't think so.Because, after all, your chief is a rare student, and I think he's a good learner, and I feel like he's finally a good learner, because he's about to split classes because he's a junior high, right?I don't think so.I was wondering if Mr. Cheung would ask you if he chose chemistry. Can you see if he's okay?	labels:That is to say, yes, he's actually very good at thinking, and he's actually, like he did when I thought he might not have been a teacher at first, because it was faster, you know? The progress of their experimental classes, he said that he thought something was simple, so he jumped out of his class, so he said he was better than a girl's mind.I don't think so.Well, it's true, but the girl was particularly hard-working, and all the students in the class were made up.I don't think so.I think he might be missing a little bit on this block, so I said he was.
text:Maybe it's as if there's actually no one in the administration, like I talked to you last time in my micro-mail, right?I don't think so.I see he's probably doing a little during the day, I'm not home, he's doing a little homework, he's barely caught up at night, so because time is still tight, he's still worried, so help me out with Don and him, including in English, who says he can draw kung fu.I don't think so.So I'm not sure I'm high-level chemistry now, but I'm inclined to have their blood vessels by then.	labels:It's like I've heard him tell me before. He's a little bit chemicalistic.
text:Yeah, so I'd like to hear your opinion, which means that if he chooses chemistry, he can do it, because at the end of the day it's equal to three plus one plus one, right? There's always a better score, that's what.I don't think so.You don't want to tell him about this idea, you tell Mr. Wang that I have it, but it depends on what happens to him next, including the next semester.	labels:Yeah, it's okay. It's okay.
text:Mr. Cheung, you'll have to worry a little bit.	labels:It's okay, he's supposed to be here today, because I had a chemistry class this morning, and then I'm on my side on a temporary basis.
text:And then there should be homework or something, I don't know.	labels:He's supposed to be doing his homework right now. He's supposed to be at 3:00, he's got an empty break, and he's not doing well at the next three to five. And by next week, we're gonna be doing a test this week, and then he's not going back to school this week, and he's going back to chemistry on Sunday, so we're going to put that test next week.
text:It's fine. It's fine at night anyway.	labels:Yes, that's my intention next week. I said, if I could, I'd give him two tests, because we're in a new class now, and we're starting to get to the last one.
text:Three more, huh now, right.	labels:And then the second time he was.
text:Tell me he'll be fine next week, won't he?I don't think so.Right.	labels:It'll be over next week.
text:It's over, isn't it?	labels:He himself said that he wanted me to study for him for the rest of the class. He was afraid of his piece.
text:That's what I'm saying to him. I'm telling you, there's nothing to make up for in a senior year, okay?	labels:Well, that's what I'm going to think. Next week, if we have time to test the second chapter of what we have just said, then we'll have a comprehensive test on our side, as well as the next semester, and the first two of our new chapters, and we'll put it together for a comprehensive test.
text:Okay.	labels:All right, I'll go back to my mom and analyze it. Okay, okay. Okay.	episode_done:True